---
pubDate: 2024-10-11
chapter: v2c63
---

# 293. Buddhist Allegories

Xu Qi’an’s state was like a bucket of cold water poured over the crowd’s hearts, causing the previously high spirits to fall, and the cheers to gradually fade.

"The monk halfway up the mountain, he’s the one who sat on the Southern City’s Heroic Platform for nearly a week."

"They say he’s a Buddhist Unbreakable Vajra, and truly unbreakable at that. Over five days, many heroes and warriors challenged him, but none could break his golden body."

At this moment, the citizens of the capital, as well as the Jianghu folk from afar, recalled the fear they felt from being dominated by Jingsi’s Vajra body. They remembered the strength of this delicate-looking monk.

Some citizens who weren’t from the Southern City and were less familiar with the situation, asked around, and after hearing the explanation, they reacted intensely:

"Is this really true? Don’t be taken in by hearsay—city gossip loves to exaggerate, and it’s never reliable."

"It’s no exaggeration. I even know that some days ago, a very powerful swordsman took action. They say he summoned stones to form a sword—a truly remarkable skill. But even he lost to this monk."

"The Buddhists are too powerful. Compared to them, it feels like our people are struggling and facing difficulty with every step."

The citizens of the capital felt deflated.

From Jingsi and Jingchen’s matches and their lectures, to the appearance of the Dharma aspect last night, the Buddhists had made a deep impression on the capital’s people, leaving them awed by their power.

…

"From what this poor monk recalls, Xu Ningyan’s ultimate skill is 'One Blade from Heaven and Earth'. Yet does he have the strength to unleash another slash?" Number Six Hengyuan, shaking his head, clasped his hands together, sighing:

"The second stage, the Vajra Formation, is the true trial of combat. He only has the strength for one slash, but in the Eight Sufferings Formation, he has already exhausted his power."

Chu Yuanzhen couldn’t help but laugh. "Number Six, you’re too rigid in your thinking."

Hengyuan frowned, confused.

Chu Yuanzhen didn’t answer and continued, "But unless he can deliver a second slash, one that could break through another Eight Sufferings formation, he won’t be able to shatter Jingsi’s golden body."

…………

Within the pavilion, an intense debate was unfolding.

"Resting to recover strength is possible—there’s no time limit on this duel. As long as Xu Qi’an can unleash another slash as powerful as the last one, breaking through the Vajra Formation shouldn’t be a problem," a nobleman expressed his opinion, immediately drawing opposition from others.

The one who refuted the Earl of Weihai was another noble, equally powerful in cultivation: "Do you really think that last slash was something a mere seventh-rank martial artist could produce?"

The gathered dignitaries and officials listened intently to the two men’s arguments.

Biaobiao waved her hand, her crisp voice ringing out: "Earl Weihai, Earl Pingding, explain clearly. How likely is it that Xu Qi’an can break the Vajra Formation?"

Earl Pingding, a burly man in his early forties, stood up and cupped his hands. "Your Highness, in your servant’s opinion, Xu Qi’an has no chance of winning."

Biaobiao frowned. "Why do you say that?"

Earl Pingding sighed. "Xu Qi’an is merely a seventh-rank martial artist, while Jingsi’s golden body couldn’t even be broken by Chu Yuanzhen. How could Xu Qi’an possibly do it?"

A civil official interjected, frowning. "Earl Pingding, you may not know, but Xu Qi’an, though a seventh-rank, is exceedingly strong. He has twice defeated sixth-rank Bronze Skin and Iron Bones."

Earl Pingding shook his head. "The Buddhists’ Unbreakable Vajra Body cannot be compared to a martial artist’s Bronze Skin and Iron Bones. Besides, that little monk has been stationed in the Southern City for nearly a week. If Xu Qi’an could win, he would have acted long ago. Why did he hold back?"

The civil official nodded in acknowledgment. Earl Pingding had participated in the great battle of Shanhai pass twenty years ago. His insight was not to be underestimated, and what he said was likely true.

Biaobiao thought for a while but couldn’t come up with a rebuttal. She became frustrated and said, "Earl Pingding, how could you boost the morale of others while undermining your own? What benefit is there to you if Xu Qi’an loses?"

Earl Pingding responded helplessly, "Your servant is not trying to encourage others at the expense of our own. Xu Qi’an represents the Sitianjian in this duel, and by extension, the court. I too hope he wins, but… his chances are slim."

Most of the civil officials and female spectators were non-experts in martial matters. After witnessing Xu Qi’an’s earlier slash breaking through the formation, their confidence had surged, and smiles had bloomed across their faces.

However, now that they’d heard Earl Pingding’s analysis, they realized the situation wasn’t as hopeful as they had initially thought.

Earl Weihai snorted and loudly said, "Earl Pingding, how do you know Xu Qi’an can’t unleash a second slash?"

At that moment, Jingchen, who had been sitting silently in meditation the whole time, spoke, “That slash just now—surely it was the Jianzheng lending him power. Otherwise, how could a seventh-rank martial artist produce such a fearsome sabre energy?

"A seventh-rank martial artist’s physical strength is limited. How could he withstand the infusion of such power again?"

Earl Pingding shook his head, as if to say this was exactly what he meant.

The pavilion quieted down. The civil and military officials lowered their heads to drink, while the ladies deliberately turned away, avoiding looking at the monks.

They had no more to say, but their hearts were still filled with dissatisfaction.

"Father, what do you think?" Miss Wang, smiling brightly, looked at the Prime Minister.

Prime Minister Wang spoke calmly, "Watch more, say less. It’s too early to make a final judgment now."

He believed Xu Qi’an had little chance of winning, his mind was already considering the next candidate. However, after being proven wrong once, the Prime Minister wouldn’t make the same mistake again.

As a dignified Prime Minister, he wouldn’t stumble in the same place twice.

"I’ve just had a thought," Miss Wang said with a smile. She glanced at Jingchen and raised her voice, "Master, the Eight Sufferings Formation is a tool for refining the Buddhist heart, unrelated to combat power. Even a high-ranked martial artist would struggle to break through it, is that correct?"

Jingchen nodded. "Rather than sending a high-ranked martial artist into the formation, it would be better to send in a child."

Miss Wang smiled brightly. "Master Du'e mentioned earlier that the court has three chances, correct?"

"Indeed."

Miss Wang’s gentle, elegant face lit up with a radiant smile. "Now that the Eight Sufferings Formation has been broken, even if Xu Qi’an is exhausted and unable to pass the Vajra Formation, if the court sends a high-ranked martial artist to break through, can the Vajra atop the mountain stop them?"

Jingchen was momentarily stunned, then frowned and remained silent.

The eyes of the surrounding people brightened, as if suddenly enlightened, their thoughts racing.

None of them knew why the Jianzheng had chosen a seventh-rank Silver Gong for the duel, leaving them puzzled. Now, after seeing Xu Qi’an break the Eight Sufferings Formation and hearing Miss Wang clarify the situation, their thinking suddenly broadened.

"It turns out that Xu Qi'an is just a front-line pawn, right? Then shouldn't he step aside now? We could send a high-ranked martial artist to break the formation."

"Yes, there are plenty of high-ranked martial artists in the capital. Surely one of them could shatter the Buddhist Vajra Body."

"If we're talking martial artists, the Zhenbei King is undoubtedly the greatest of all in the Great Feng."

The topic gradually shifted to the Zhenbei King.

Miss Wang had taken the spotlight. She glanced casually towards the Nightwatcher area and noticed that Xu Xinnian was also looking at her. Her heart fluttered briefly. 

But before their eyes could meet, she discreetly shifted her gaze.

"Was the person who spoke earlier a woman from the household of Prime Minister Wang? It seems like it was his daughter..." Xu Xinnian averted his gaze with disdain; his impression of the Wang family was poor.

This was because the Wang Clique and the Wei Clique were political enemies. The Wang Clique had persecuted his elder brother several times, and Xu Xinnian had already marked them as his future adversaries.

"The Zhenbei King has been praised as the most talented martial artist the Great Feng has seen in two centuries. It's a pity he isn't in the capital; otherwise, these bald monks wouldn't be so arrogant."

Xu Xinnian overheard the middle-aged lady nearby making her evaluation.

*This woman is quite knowledgeable. Her insight isn't something an ordinary housewife would possess. I wonder where my brother met such a married woman* Xu Xinnian mused.

"My big brother is also a martial arts prodigy," Xu Lingyue added.

The woman smiled but did not argue.

However, Xu Lingyue could hear the meaning behind the smile. It was the kind that dismissed any need to debate, like someone holding the truth, unwilling to bicker with someone who was clearly wrong.

…

On the Buddhist Mountain.

Xu Qi'an rested for a moment before continuing his ascent. He encountered no more obstacles and arrived directly before Monk Jingsi.

At this moment, Monk Jingsi's entire body seemed as if cast in gold, emitting faint glimmers of golden light.

Jealousy arose in Xu Qi'an's heart. _If only I could learn this divine technique, my whole body would shine like gold..._ His mind conjured up a phrase: *"Indomitable Golden Spear!"*

"Master Jingsi!"

Xu Qi'an stopped, sitting on the steps below, and asked, "Can I rest for a while?"

The young monk Jingsi, sitting cross-legged, smiled and nodded, "Please feel free to take your time, benefactor."

Xu Qi'an raised an eyebrow, "Aren't you afraid I might strike again?"

Monk Jingsi smiled, "At this moment, benefactor’s meridians are burning like fire. Can you still endure that same energy?"

"It's not really a matter of endurance, it's just that the skill is on cooldown," Xu Qi'an grinned.

The body is like a vessel, and after withstanding an overwhelming external force, he was now in a 'post-power' phase. But this was only part of the reason—he couldn't summon the power of the masses again for now.

It was like he could only 'pick up money' once a day, and he'd have to wait until tomorrow to continue. Hence, the cooldown timer.

*Using Number Four's secret method to harness the power of the people... the method must be just a means; the core issue lies with me. It's I who can summon the people's power... I suspect this is an upgrade of my strange luck... It's clear that Monk Shenshu knew about this ability of mine, and so must the Jianzheng...*

*I remember Shenshu once said that he and I are the same kind of person, and that's even why he parasitised my body... It's a little terrifying when you think about it.*

Xu Qi'an pondered to himself.

"Master, did you enter the temple at a young age?" Xu Qi'an asked casually.

Monk Jingsi nodded.

"Do you practice Zen or martial arts?"

"Both Zen and martial arts," Jingsi replied.

*Zen and martial arts together? This little monk’s talent is quite remarkable...* Xu Qi'an nodded and said, "I've heard that Buddhism emphasizes first entering the world before leaving it. You entered the temple as a child and never had a family. What world did you leave?"

Monk Jingsi, hearing Xu Qi'an's intent to debate Buddhist philosophy, remained wholly unafraid and said, “Leaving the world refers to cutting off worldly attachments and entering the temple. The Benefactor need not twist words.

"From a young age, this poor monk practiced Buddhism, travelled through the Western Regions, and experienced the suffering of the world, as well as the Eight Sufferings of life."

_What nonsense about experiencing the Eight Sufferings! You've never dealt with house payments, car loans, or exorbitant dowries, and you're talking about the Eight Sufferings?_ Xu Qi'an lampooned.

"Master, what do you think of women?" Xu Qi'an asked.

"A blade that cuts to the bone!" Monk Jingsi concisely evaluated.

"Such words are premature. You've never been with a woman. How do you know that women aren’t the most wonderful thing in the world?"

Their conversation was heard by the crowd watching from a distance, word for word.

"Isn’t this supposed to be the Vajra Formation? How did it turn into a discussion on Buddhism?"

"They're not discussing Buddhism—they're talking about women! This sir's words are like diamonds, they shine right into my heart."

The men all smiled knowingly.

The women blushed and quietly muttered under their breath.

"Goodness, how can running dog say such things!" The Second Princess's cheeks flushed, and she lowered her head slightly.

"Mother, Big Brother is becoming more and more improper," Xu Lingyue stomped her foot.

Auntie remained silent, feeling somewhat embarrassed.

Uncle Xu was both embarrassed and ashamed. _What nonsense is this boy spouting in front of all these officials and noblewomen? This place is filled with dignitaries, and there are thousands of commoners watching. Some things are best left unsaid in such an atmosphere._

...

"Indeed, this poor monk has not experienced women, but female charm is as fierce as tigers. This has been passed down by generations of monks. Benefactor, please do not twist words to suit your argument," Monk Jingsi remained unshaken.

"As the saying goes: Without entering the tiger’s den, how can one obtain the tiger's cub!”[^1] Xu Qi'an countered.

Monk Jingsi was taken aback. "What do you mean by this, benefactor?"

Xu Qi'an said nothing further.

“Without venturing into the tiger's den, how can one capture the tiger cub... what does this have to do with beauty?

"Perhaps there is a profound truth hidden within that we simply cannot comprehend?"

The crowd outside felt a flash of doubt in their hearts.

...

"Well then, I have a few questions I'd like to ask master," Xu Qi'an stared at him, sneering: “Have you ever supported your parents? Have you ever worked hard to manage a household? Have you ever taken up a hoe to farm the fields?

“Buddhism doesn't produce anything, spending all day reciting scriptures and chanting, relying on offerings from laymen to survive. Tell me, what scripture are you chanting, what Buddha are you calling?

“To merely walk through the world as a bystander and claim to understand the sufferings of all beings? Of life's eight sufferings, you have only experienced birth, while the rest you've never encountered.

"You’re nothing more than a fake monk."

Jingsi was silent in contemplation for a long while before answering: "The Buddha sees all in the world, and naturally understands the suffering of the world."

"Good!"

Xu Qi'an nodded, drawing his black-gold long blade and slashing a deep, bloody wound on his arm. Clutching the wound, he looked at Jingsi:

"Master, do you think I feel pain?"

"The blade has touched your body, how could it not hurt?" Jingsi clasped his hands together.

"But do you know how much pain I feel?" Xu Qi'an asked again.

Jingsi remained silent. He had Vajra body, which blades could not penetrate, and indeed, he could not answer.

"Master, don’t you understand yet?" Xu Qi'an sighed, “This is your so-called 'observation.' You know that I am in pain, but you do not know how much I am in pain. You know that the world suffers, but you surely do not know how deep that suffering runs.

"If you cannot even comprehend the suffering of the people, how can you possibly talk about delivering them from it? Isn't that a joke? Let me tell you a story."

Jingsi said nothing but adopted a posture of listening.

"One year, there was a great drought, and the people had no rice to eat. Countless starved to death. A young master from a wealthy family heard of this and was shocked. Do you know what he said?"

Jingsi asked, "What did he say?"

Xu Qi'an fixed his gaze on the young monk, a mocking smile spreading across his face as he enunciated each word clearly: 

"Why. Not. Eat. Mincemeat?"[^2]

Jingsi looked as though he had been struck by lightning, his pupils dilating and his face going blank.

"Well said!"

"The young monk is at a loss for words! Look, the young monk has no response!"

The crowd outside erupted in cheers.

Monks were renowned for their skill in debate and rhetoric, able to make their words bloom like flowers, out-talking anyone. Yet here, Xu Qi'an’s words had rendered the young monk from the Western Regions speechless.

It felt as if he had bested the Buddhist sect in the very area they excelled in most. From the perspective of the onlookers, the satisfaction was even greater than watching Xu Qi'an wield his blade.

Morale soared.

The officials in the court remained silent, observing. Breaking the Vajra Formation with words was impossible, but they were curious to see what Xu Qi'an’s true aim was.

At this moment, Xu Qi'an tossed the black-gold long blade in front of Jingsi and said in a low voice, "Master, if you believe I am wrong, if you truly think you can understand the suffering of the people, why not experience it for yourself?"

Jingsi raised his head, murmuring, "Experience it?"

Xu Qi'an nodded, "Lay down your Vajra body, and cut yourself with the blade. Then you will understand my pain and comprehend the true meaning of Buddhism, rather than asking 'Why not eat mincemeat.'"

"No, no..." Jingsi shook his head, as if trying to convince himself not to attempt it: "If I dismiss my Vajra body, I will lose."

"A monk should let go of all earthly attachments, yet Master, you seem so attached to victory and defeat. You have already fallen to the lower path." Xu Qi'an gently coaxed:

"Losing a duel of skills, yet gaining a broader understanding of the world, experiencing the true Dharma—Master, weigh the importance for yourself."

*A monk should let go of all earthly attachments, yet Master, you seem so attached to victory and defeat… "Why don't they eat meat porridge…"* The young monk's expression grew increasingly complex, showing signs of inner conflict and struggle. Slowly, he reached out and gripped the black-gold long blade.

Xu Qi'an's lips curled slightly.

"I see now," Chu Yuanzhen praised, "Jingsi was raised in the Buddhist sect from a young age. While his understanding of the Dharma may be profound, he lacks the worldly experience and seasoning of the human realm. That is his weakness. Xu Ningyan truly is clever."

Jingsi was like the scion of a noble family, groomed in his clan from a young age, with the strength but lacking the maturity and experience born of hardship and trials.

"Amitabha." Hengyuan recited the Buddha's name, feeling a sense of melancholy.

He thought of his junior brother Henghui, whom he had raised by his own hand. Henghui too was a highly talented disciple of the Buddhist sect but had succumbed to worldly desires, leading to great tragedy.

*Nicely done!* The civil officials' eyes lit up, quietly applauding.

To conquer a city is lesser; to conquer hearts is greater. This move aligned with the art of war, perfectly executed.

Compared to brute force, Xu Qi'an's tactic of breaking the Vajra Formation in this way resonated much more with the civil officials.

They couldn't help but think once again: *it’s a shame he’s not a scholar!*

Instinctively, the next thought arose: *Xu Pingzhi is an unworthy man!*

Prime Minister Wang quietly nodded; Xu Qi'an's manoeuvre gave him a sense of clarity. This was a solution he hadn't considered before.

During the Tax Silver Case, he had not known about Xu Qi'an. It was only after the Sangpo Case that he started paying attention to this youth. He suddenly realized that this young man had limitless potential.

Unfortunately, he was under Wei Yuan's command. In the future, they could only be enemies, not allies.

At that moment, accompanied by the chanting of a Buddha's name, a voice echoed in the sky: "Jingsi, you are fixated on appearances."

As the voice rang in everyone's ears, it also reached inside the painting, resounding in Jingsi's ears.

The handsome young monk awoke from his trance, pulling his hand back as if shocked by lightning. He hurriedly clasped his hands together and chanted the Buddha's name repeatedly.

Gradually, clarity returned to his eyes.

"Bastard!"

Prime Minister Wang threw his cup to the ground and rose in fury, "Du'e Arhat, are Buddhists so incapable of accepting defeat?"

Behind Wei Yuan, nine Gold Gongs stood up in unison, gripping their sword hilts.

The monk Jingchen spoke calmly, "If the Jianzheng can secretly assist, why can't we?"

He was implying that Xu Qi'an's earlier strike had been aided by Jianzheng in secret or that some method had been implanted in him beforehand.

Prime Minister Wang sneered, "Is this world governed by the rules of your Buddhist sect? You claim the Jianzheng assisted, so did the Jianzheng assist."

The high officials and nobles wore expressions of anger, though they maintained their composure. But the crowd of onlookers and the unruly jianghu folk were far less restrained, shouting curses and even clashing with the imperial guards.

"Shameless bald donkeys, this is clearly cheating! We don't care, the Vajra Formation has already been broken."

"If the mighty Buddhist sect wins today's duel through this, we won't accept it."

...

Du'e paid no attention to the thunderous insults, glancing at Jingchen and saying indifferently, "You too are fixated on appearances."

"Junior acknowledges his mistake." Jingchen bowed his head.

…

*The monks outside could hear the conversation between me and Jingsi… Is this even allowed? In a duel of both wit and strength, each side relies on their own abilities, but for the outside to forcibly interfere—this is too much…* Xu Qi'an fumed silently.

He immediately stopped talking and sat cross-legged, regulating his breath.

A quarter of an hour later, Xu Qi'an opened his eyes, picked up the black-gold long blade, and sheathed it.

Gripping the hilt, Xu Qi'an announced loudly, "I will make only one strike. After that, all rests on fate."

His voice passed through the scroll, reaching the outside.

*Only one strike?!*

Whether an expert or an amateur, commoner or noble, everyone who heard this was astonished.

*Was it just talk?*

Xu Qi'an let all his emotions settle, gathered all his energy, and directed his internal qi to collapse inward. His *dantian* became like a black hole—an essential step in preparing for the one blade from heaven and earth.

*Since you all are cheating, don't blame me for breaking the rules too…* He closed his eyes, and his spiritual energy retracted as well, connecting to a massive well of blood and vitality within him.

It was the essence of the monk Shenshu.

On the journey back to the capital from Yunzhou, Xu Qi'an had absorbed this drop of blood essence, reviving himself with the power of an undying martial artist. However, part of that power still remained dormant within him.

The moment he saw Arhat Du'e allowing Jingsi to enter the formation, Xu Qi'an immediately realized that there was no way he could bypass this "Vajra." And with the invulnerability granted by the Buddhist secret realm, it was impossible for him to break through with his own strength.

At that time, while hiding in the Sitianjian, he communicated with Monk Shenshu. The Sitianjian, being the arcanists' domain, ensured that Arhat Du'e wouldn’t detect it.

Monk Shenshu's suggestion was: channel the blood essence within you and unleash the residual power that couldn't be digested.

This power wouldn’t reveal Shenshu’s existence, as the monk had long stripped it of its "attributes" to allow Xu Qi'an to absorb its undying essence. 

Now, it was purely the concentrated power of a martial artist.

The dormant strength within Xu Qi'an awakened, merging into his limbs and bones, transforming into raw qi.

Even though there was no wind within the Buddhist realm, Xu Qi'an's long hair started to move on its own. He remained with his eyes closed, like a dormant tyrant slowly awakening.

The heavens and earth seemed to tremble and shudder at his reawakening.

"What’s going on? Am I seeing things, or is the world shaking?"

"It’s the Buddhist Mountain. The Buddhist is shaking…"

Outside, someone suddenly cried out in alarm, "It’s Xu Qi'an! He’s about to draw his blade!"

No one was blind—they all could see that the tremors of the Buddhist Mountain were caused by Xu Qi'an.

"Amitabha!"

Jingsi formed a hand seal, remaining steadfast, but the mists within the Buddhist realm began to shift, raining down fine threads of golden light that merged into his golden body.

As a result, his golden body shone even brighter, radiating with countless beams of light, like a rising sun.

They were now evenly matched.

Huaiqing abruptly stood, stepping out of the pavilion to look up. Her eyes, reflecting the dazzling golden light, were fixed, her breath held.

More people stood up, stepping out of the pavilion, lifting their heads, and staring with wide eyes, forgetting to breathe.

Among them was Prime Minister Wang.

Wei Yuan rose slowly and strolled outside the pavilion, leisurely reciting, "One day I soared, the wind rose high, like a roc nine-thousand li."

*Is this within your calculations too, Lord Wei?* The Gold Gongs stared at his back.

Sching!

The sound of a blade being drawn echoed like thunder, reverberating through heaven and earth.

There was no blade in the world like this, so captivating, pulling at the hearts of countless people.

There was no blade in the world as resolute, as if determined to sever everything, willing to shatter like jade.

There was no blade in the world as fast, so fast that the naked eye couldn’t follow it.

But the eyes of the people outside clearly saw the golden body shatter, the layers upon layers of golden light scattering like mist, driven away by the invincible blade intent.

This holy Vajra, unbeaten at the southern city for five days, this golden body that had haunted the citizens for five whole days, had finally fallen.

On the field, Xu Qi'an stood tall and proud.

Jingsi sat heavily on the ground, a deep blade wound running through his chest and abdomen, exposing damaged organs. His face was ashen, unable to maintain his meditative posture.

The fine threads of golden light gathered once more, flowing into his wound, healing his flesh.

"I told you, I would make only one strike," Xu Qi'an said calmly.

At that moment, the capital fell into silence.

For four or five seconds, there was absolute quiet. Then suddenly, a wave of sound erupted.

Some screamed, some cheered, and some were moved to tears, washing away days of frustration.

"My Great Feng is the true righteous ruler of Jiuzhou! The first in both governance and martial might!" A scholar shouted hoarsely.

"Xu the Poet is at the pinnacle of martial arts, the first under heaven!"

At this moment, everyone recalled the words spoken from within the mysterious realm: "I will make only one strike!"

It was only now that they understood the confidence and audacity within those words.

Emperor Yuanjing, standing atop the Stargazing Tower, faced the wave of sound, witnessing his citizens' rising passion and fervour.

"The Vajra Formation has been broken."

The old emperor revealed a genuine smile, "Jianzheng, you truly had confidence. Very good. Xu Qi'an is also very good, not unworthy of the court's nurture."

"Since ancient times, heroes have always been young…"

Miss Wang heard her father muttering softly.

*Indeed, he is an extraordinary hero...* Miss Wang thought. She scanned the area, noticing many familiar noble ladies staring at the proud young man standing on the steps of the Buddhist Mountain, their eyes filled with admiration.

Some of them were even middle-aged noblewomen, their gazes intense and unblinking, fixated on the youth with predatory eyes.

*Even the top-ranking scholars weren’t as dazzling as him,* Miss Wang added silently in her heart.

*Thump, thump, thump...* Huaiqing heard her own heartbeat pounding like a drum, more intense than it had ever been in her twenty-plus years.

Even Xu Lingyue was slightly dazed, staring at her big brother, who was shining so brilliantly.

Auntie clicked her tongue and said, "Husband dear, after this duel, our door will be flooded by matchmakers… Dear?"

Xu Pingzhi's eyes were brimming with tears, his face full of appreciation.

*Big brother is growing stronger and stronger, advancing relentlessly in martial arts. I can't fall too far behind either...* Xu Xinnian secretly clenched his fist.

*Even King Huai in his youth wasn’t as dazzling as him,* the older woman thought.

...

"Master, take good care of yourself."

Xu Qi'an sheathed his blade and continued his ascent.

He wandered through the mist-shrouded mountain forest for a while, before the path opened up. Before him was a sparse area of rugged rocks and sparse vegetation, with a towering Bodhi tree under which an old monk sat cross-legged.

Xu Qi'an knew this was the third trial.

And now, he was nearing the mountain summit.

*Passing this trial, there would likely be one final challenge at the peak…* Xu Qi'an put his palms together, "Master, what will this trial test?"

The old monk chanted a Buddhist mantra and said slowly, "The benefactor's heart is not at peace."

*Starting with some old Zen sayings…* Xu Qi'an mentally grumbled, then asked, "Why must it be peaceful?"

"When the heart is at peace, there is Dharma. When there is Dharma, there is Buddha. With Buddha, one can transcend the sea of suffering," the old monk replied.

"Why transcend the sea of suffering?" Xu Qi'an countered.

"Why not transcend?" the old monk shot back.

"Why transcend," Xu Qi'an retorted.

"Why not transcend," the old monk said again.

...

"What are they talking about?"

"They're discussing Zen allegories. You don’t understand."

"You understand? Then explain it to me."

"Of course not. If I could understand it, I would be a high monk. But it's precisely because I don't understand it that there’s hidden meaning in it."

"I see."

The crowd outside whispered to each other, each reacting differently. Some frowned, carefully chewing over the dialogue in search of deeper meaning. Others nodded or shook their heads, acting as if they had grasped something profound.

And then, everyone, from royal kin to common folk, heard Xu Qi'an say:

"Master, honestly — I was just spouting nonsense at you. Let’s speak plainly now."

---

[^1]: Chinese proverb: there is no reward without risk.
[^2]: Said by the incompetent Emperor Hui of Jin, equivalent to “Let them eat cake” in the west

