---
pubDate: 2024-10-17
chapter: v2c69
---

# 299. Crimson Lettered Iron Deed

"What? Junior Sister, if you do it, then you’ll be able to extinguish your karmaic fire and step into the first rank very soon.”

Daoist Jinlian smiled warmly, “Wouldn’t that be an immense blessing?”

*In that case, my goal of slaying demons is also within reach...* Daoist Jinlian added to himself.

Luo Yuheng calmly said, “Even if Xu Qi’an is blessed with fortune, is he better than Emperor Yuanjing? Better than the future Crown Prince? Will the Jianzheng agree to me engaging in dual cultivation with him?”

Her question struck at the heart of the matter, leaving Daoist Jinlian without a rebuttal.

Daoist Jinlian nodded, “Junior Sister, your Dao heart is pure, indeed more suited than your father to become a First Rank Earthly Immortal.”

Luo Yuheng gave no response.

After a moment of thought, Daoist Jinlian continued, “Junior Sister, would you mind having a Daoist companion?”

Seeing the female National Teacher glaring at him, he chuckled, “With fortune on his side and cultivating martial arts, Xu Qi’an’s future achievements will be immense. If you plan to dual cultivate with him, it won’t be a short-term affair. You can start the dual cultivation and then nurture feelings over time.

“Your branch of the Human Sect will eventually require you to bear descendants. Given your personality, would you seek another Daoist companion after dual cultivating with someone?”

Luo Yuheng snorted coldly, “An Earthly Immortal has an infinite lifespan. What need is there for descendants?”

Daoist Jinlian smiled silently.

Although Earthly Immortals were able to roam the sky and earth carefree, their longevity as long as the heavens above, unexpected accidents could still happen, necessitating heirs to carry on their legacy.

Besides, although the Junior Sister from the Human Sect was the leader of a Daoist Sect, she was still in the end a mortal woman. She hadn’t cultivated the emotionless path of the Heaven Sect, and so showing some temper was natural.

“If you step down earlier, the history books might write more favourably about you,” Daoist Jinlian said with a mischievous smile.

Luo Yuheng sneered, “Since ancient times, the history books always portray women as the root of disasters, as ruiners of nations, while the real problem lies with men. Those spineless scholars dare not anger the emperor, so they lay all the blame on women. It’s truly laughable.

“Emperor Yuanjing cultivates for the sake of immortality. He wishes to be a long-living emperor. Even without the Human Sect, he would still cultivate. What does that have to do with me?

“That dog Wei Yuan accused me of deceiving the emperor. All these years, I’ve constantly told Emperor Yuanjing that the pills are no longer effective, but he continues to take a large pill every season and a small one every ten days, ignoring my advice. Deceiving the emperor? Where does that even come from?”

“Junior Sister speaks the truth,” Daoist Jinlian agreed, then added a balanced assessment:

“Your Human Sect seeks to borrow imperial fortune to cultivate and suppress karmic fire. It’s a necessary evil, but it has indeed aided Emperor Yuanjing’s cultivation. It’s only natural for blame to fall on you.”

*You’re trying to sit on the fence?* Luo Yuheng stared at him for a few seconds, then stood up to leave. When she reached the threshold, she looked back and said:

“The end of Yuanjing 36, the remnant soul of the Earth Sect Leader drifted into the capital. Instead of cultivation, it spent its days possessing cats and mingling amongst them, content with its life… I’ll be sure to add this to the Human Sect’s chronicles.”

With that, she turned into a faint light and disappeared.

*Junior Sister, we can talk this through!!* Daoist Jinlian dashed out of the room and reached toward the sky, making a gesture as if to call her back...

“What a petty and vindictive woman,” Daoist Jinlian muttered.

…

Xu Manor.

Xu Qi’an left his room and, passing through the inner hall, saw Xu Lingyin happily running around, with Chu Caiwei chasing her.

As she ran, Xu Lingyin made a sound like a little tractor.

Auntie was tending to her potted plants on the side, while Xu Lingyue quietly sat on a chair, sipping tea and watching her younger sister play with the girl in the yellow dress.

*This woman’s back at my house again. Clearly, she’s still thinking about my big brother...* Xu Lingyue silently profiled Chu Caiwei but didn’t show it. When Chu Caiwei occasionally looked her way, Xu Lingyue responded with a gentle smile.

Xu Qi’an bowed towards Dean Zhao Shou before stepping into the hall and asking, “Miss Caiwei, what brings you here? Were you drawn in by my dashing looks?”

“Big brother, you’re awake?” Xu Lingyue asked excitedly.

Auntie also lifted her head from her beloved plants, observing her unlucky nephew.

Xu Qi’an had been unconscious for most of the day. By now, their initial excitement and relief had settled, and they no longer felt as anxious as before.

“Oh, I’m just here to deliver a message from teacher.” Chu Caiwei stopped chasing Xu Lingyin, glanced around, and beckoned Xu Qi’an over, “Come here.”

Xu Qi’an obediently went over, and the girl in the yellow dress leaned close and whispered in his ear, “My teacher said you can ask His Majesty for an iron deed.”

*Iron deed?* It took him a few seconds to realize what she was talking about.

Its formal name was a “Crimson lettered iron deed,” commonly known as a golden pardon.

*What would I need that for? I’d rather trade it for a few thousand taels of gold and a promotion instead…* Xu Qi’an thought.

“I understand,” he nodded.

Seeing the two of them whispering closely, Xu Lingyue puffed out her cheeks and called Xu Lingyin over, “Lingyin, go play with Sister Caiwei.”

Little Guard Dog Xu Lingyin waddled over on her short legs and headbutted Chu Caiwei’s plump bottom, “Sister Caiwei, let’s keep playing…”

Seeing this, Xu Qi’an had no choice but to leave, heading to the front hall with Zhao Shou.

“Dean, the Jianzheng instructed me to request an iron deed from His Majesty.” Xu Qi’an shared this with Zhao Shou, then observed his reaction.

Only the wise could handle the wise.

Zhao Shou nodded slowly, “Indeed, a crimson lettered iron deed. It exempts one from all death sentences except for treason. However, after its use, one’s titles and salary are stripped, and one is not permitted to retain their original holdings. But at least, it spares one’s life.”

*Not permitted to retain their original holdings but spares one’s life... What does that even mean?* Xu Qi’an’s face froze for a moment before returning to normal. He nodded and said:

“So that’s what an crimson lettered iron deed means.”

*I guess a golden pardon is fine too… The Jianzheng specifically had Chu Caiwei deliver this message to me; there must be a reason... Hmm, I am a second-generation eunuch with many political enemies. It’s a good safeguard.*

Xu Qi’an wasn’t really afraid of Emperor Yuanjing anymore. With his cultivation steadily rising, his confidence had grown. If he encountered a situation like the Silver Gong conflict again, at worst, he could simply leave and wander the Jianghu.

The only thing he couldn’t bear to part with was his family.

As they conversed, the two of them arrived at the outer hall. Seated in the main position was a eunuch in a python robe, a middle-aged man with a pale face and no beard.

Xu Erlang and Uncle Xu were seated below them, making casual conversation with the eunuch.

"Is Ningyan awake?" Uncle Xu's ears twitched as he glanced toward the screen wall.

Xu Qi'an and Zhao Shou stepped out side by side.

"Dean!" Xu Erlang quickly rose and bowed.

The eunuch, who had been rather haughty while speaking to Xu Erlang and Uncle Xu, immediately plastered a smile on his face upon seeing Xu Qi'an emerge.

"Sir Viscount is awake! How is your health? If you need any recuperation, just let us know, and we'll bring something from the palace for you," the eunuch said with great enthusiasm.

"Ningyan, this is Lord Chen from the Directorate of Entourage Attendance," Uncle Xu said, straightening his back unconsciously and speaking with more confidence.

"Thank you for your concern, milord. We are fine," Xu Qi'an nodded.

"That’s good, that’s good," Eunuch Chen beamed, eagerly giving up the main seat to Xu Qi'an and Zhao Shou.

"We are here on behalf of His Majesty to visit you, Viscount. For your meritorious service to the court, His Majesty will certainly reward you handsomely."

"It is all thanks to His Majesty's recognition for giving this servant this opportunity. As they say, soldiers are trained for a thousand days, but are used in a single moment. It is due to the court’s nurturing that I was able to achieve merit today," Xu Qi'an said humbly.

"Therefore, please inform His Majesty that I do not wish to claim any undue credit and instead request the bestowal of a Crimson-Lettered Iron Deed."

Hearing this, Xu Erlang and Uncle Xu had very different thoughts. Xu Erlang felt his elder brother was rather self-aware; the iron deed’s value far exceeded gold or silk. Gold would only make his brother more extravagant in the Jiaofangsi, and silk would just increase the number of fine garments worn by their mother and sisters. 

All were trivial in comparison.

Uncle Xu, on the other hand, could only think of the word "honour." Since ancient times, only meritorious officials were granted such an iron deed.

Eunuch Chen was momentarily stunned before replying, "We will certainly relay your message to His Majesty. His Majesty is also curious about a few things and has sent me to inquire."

*Here it comes...* Xu Qi'an remained calm and smiled, "Please, milord, ask away."

"During the duel, Viscount Xu drew his sabre twice, both times shocking the capital. However, those two strikes far exceeded your usual limits. His Majesty is curious as to how you managed that."

Though Eunuch Chen’s face was still adorned with a smile, his eyes never wavered from Xu Qi'an.

"To be honest, I was gifted power by the Jianzheng," Xu Qi'an explained succinctly.

He didn't elaborate because such brevity aligned better with the Jianzheng's mysterious persona. Over-explaining would have seemed out of character. Besides, he had no fear of Emperor Yuanjing seeking confirmation from the Jianzheng.

This amount of tact, that LYB Jianzheng surely had.

Eunuch Chen nodded slowly, seemingly unsurprised. He then asked, "And what of the Confucian carving knife?"

Just as Xu Qi'an was about to respond, Zhao Shou interjected calmly, "Four hundred years ago, Cloud Deer Academy was able to destroy the Buddhists. It can do so again today."

Xu Qi'an immediately added, "I am grateful for the Dean's assistance."

Eunuch Chen glanced at Dean Zhao and chuckled, "So, it was the academy that lent a hand."

Though this technically counted as cheating in the duel, the Buddhist sect hadn't exactly played fair either. During the breaking of the Vajra Formation, Monk Jingchen had warned Monk Jingsi, and during the third round, Arhat Du'e had personally intervened in a debate on Buddhist teachings with Xu Qi'an.

Thus, the Buddhist sect had conceded graciously, without fixating on the carving knife issue.

"I see. Well, then, we shall not disturb Viscount Xu’s rest any further," Eunuch Chen said, rising to leave.

...

The imperial palace.

Emperor Yuanjing, who had been meditating and consuming elixirs, heard faint footsteps. Without opening his eyes, he said calmly, "What is it?"

The old eunuch whispered, "The servant sent to the Hanlin Academy reports that the scholars refused to amend the text and even beat him up."

"Those mongrels!" Emperor Yuanjing opened his eyes, frowning.

When it came to power plays, the emperor was a master. But dealing with the unyielding Hanlin scholars, who refused to budge, the only recourse was brute force.

If you tried to engage them in a battle of wits and strategy, they would simply cover their ears and chant: "Not listening, not listening, the tortoise is preaching."

"Forget it, we’ll take our time with them," Emperor Yuanjing sighed.

It was a minor issue, not worth causing a major uproar over, as it would damage his reputation too much.

He glanced at the still-present old eunuch and asked, "Is there something else?"

The eunuch nodded, "Silver Gong Xu has awoken. Eunuch Chen from the Department of Entourage Attendance brought back his response..."

The eunuch then relayed Xu Qi'an's request for an iron certificate.

"An iron deed?" Emperor Yuanjing’s expression shifted with mild surprise before he let out a chuckle.

"Rather than seeking promotion or wealth, he asks for an iron deed?"

Though he made light of it, the emperor silently weighed the matter. He neither agreed nor refused.

The eunuch smiled softly and said, "It shows that Viscount Xu understands the situation well. He acknowledges Your Majesty's foresight and the court's training, and does not presume to ask for more. If he had requested a title promotion... that would have been troublesome."

*This boy's wisdom surpasses that of the scholars at the Hanlin Academy...* The emperor, now convinced, no longer hesitated and commanded, "Approved."

The eunuch had spoken truly. In peacetime, rapid ennoblement was rare; it only occurred frequently during times of war.

*The appearance of the carving knife—due to Dean Zhao Shou’s assistance?* Emperor Yuanjing ponded this briefly, and driven by a sense of intuition, ended his meditation and ordered: “Prepare my carriage to Lingbao Temple.”

…

Lingbao Temple.

“National Teacher, this victory in the duel has greatly elevated our Great Feng's prestige. Soon, the Southern and Northern savages, and even the Church of the Warlock God will hear of it.

"Having a Silver Gong participate in the duel will certainly sow doubt and fear among them, making them wary of our national strength. The impact is far greater than if Yang Qianhuan had stepped forward. National Teacher? National Teacher?"

Luo Yuheng snapped out of her daze, her beautiful eyes regaining focus as she frowned and asked, "What did Your Majesty say?"

Yuanjing Emperor stared at the bewitching and alluring National Teacher, suspicion clouding his gaze. "The National Teacher seems distracted. Is something troubling you? Speak freely, and We will resolve it for you."

As the head of the Human Sect and a second-rank Daoist, Yuanjing had rarely if even seen Luo Yuheng in such a preoccupied state. Never before had she appeared so burdened.

*Could it be that the Conflict of Heaven and Man is weighing on her mind? This woman—why does she refuse to dual cultivate with Us? Our path to immortality is stuck precisely because of her...*

His thoughts flickered as he noticed Luo Yuheng shaking her head. "Thank you for Your Majesty's concern, I’m alright."

The Emperor nodded and didn't press further. He proceeded to explain the true reason for his visit to Lingbao Temple. “Does the National Teacher know that during the duel, Cloud Deer Academy's carving knife appeared?

"We know it to be a relic of the Sage, the Academy's most prized treasure. Given its reappearance, could there be more to the story?"

"Why does Your Majesty suspect this?" Luo Yuheng countered.

"The Sage's carving knife is no ordinary object, and Zhao Shou, being a third rank Mandate Seeker, may not even be able to wield it."

Yuanjing's insight was deep, especially given that Cloud Deer Academy once held sway over the court. The Imperial family had no shortage of information regarding the Academy and its mysteries.

Luo Yuheng pondered briefly before smiling indifferently. “Though Zhao Shou is third rank, the Academy still has three scholars of the fourth-rank Junzi Realm. Together, they could easily wield the carving knife.

"Moreover, Confucianism has always had enmity with Buddhism. The Academy led the campaign to eradicate the Buddhists in the past. That they would act now is unexpected, but understandable."

"We trust the National Teacher," Yuanjing Emperor said, his doubts finally eased.

After sending the Emperor off, Luo Yuheng walked out of her meditation chamber and sat in a pavilion, staring blankly into space.

………

Xu Qi'an visited the Nightwatcher's constabulary to report his condition to Wei Yuan. Upon entering the Tower of Noble Spirit, he felt as if he were about to face a trial, with his heart beating fast as he rehearsed the lies he'd prepared to make them seem seamless.

Unexpectedly, Wei Yuan did not question him. After hearing that Xu's health had improved, Wei Yuan simply nodded with relief, invited him for tea, and talked about trivial matters.

Leaving the Tower of Noble Spirit, Xu Qi'an let out a sigh of relief.

*After all, Duke Wei is just a regular person who doesn't practice martial arts. Though his theoretical knowledge is solid, he can't see through all the mysteries. Plus, he is a smart man. He likely believes he has everything figured out: the Jianzheng secretly helped me, and Cloud Deer Academy's intervention caused the appearance of the carving knife.*

With this thought, Xu Qi'an smirked, feeling as though he had won a small psychological victory over Wei Yuan.

*Everyone else is still on the second level, while I’m on the fifth.*

………

By dusk, Xu Qi'an, feeling quite relaxed, returned home. As he passed through the outer courtyard, the rich aroma of freshly prepared dishes wafted into his nose.

Auntie had ordered the kitchen to prepare a lavish spread, with even some dishes bought from a restaurant. It was clear the feast was to celebrate Xu Qi'an's achievements.

During dinner, Auntie grumbled, "I manage this entire household by myself, running around non-stop. It's exhausting."

Her casual complaint was immediately seized upon by Xu Lingyue, who said, "Then Mother, let me manage the household accounts."

This "account" referred to the household's treasury, the fine silks, and the lands and shops they owned. Auntie currently “managed” it all, though she was illiterate and relied on Xu Lingyue to help with the bookkeeping.

Xu Lingyue did much of the work, but Auntie held all the power. If Auntie decided to buy clothes for the family, everyone got new clothes. If she refused, no one did.

"You? Manage the accounts? Even if they were to be passed down, they'd go to the wives of Dalang or Erlang, not you," Auntie retorted, squashing her daughter's ambitions.

*Even if it were Dalang or Erlang’s wives, don’t you dare think of taking my power…* Auntie added in her heart.

After dinner, Xu Erlang put down his chopsticks and suddenly said, "Big Brother, come to the study. I have something to discuss with you."

Xu Qi'an glanced at his younger brother. Erlang's face was serious, his brows furrowed.

*What now?* Xu Qi'an muttered inwardly, following Erlang to the study.

