---
pubDate: 2024-11-05
chapter: v2c83
---

# 313. Information for Medicine

Night, the stars were dark, mist shrouded the sky.

Xu Qi’an carried Zhong Li on his back, gazing down at the capital from high above. The greatest city in the land lay still, dormant under the cover of darkness.

At intervals along the city walls, bonfires burned brightly every twenty yards, illuminating the wall beneath. With the candlelight from the imperial palace, inner city, and outer districts, the sight was resplendent.

“It’s so beautiful,” murmured Zhong Li, nestled on his back.

“Can’t you see such a night view from Sitianjian’s Bagua Platform?” Xu Qi’an asked with a smile.

“It’s not as pretty there. Besides, our teacher observes the stars at night, so we’re usually not allowed on the platform at this time, except for Caiwei,” Zhong Li replied regretfully.

“Why is Caiwei allowed?” Xu Qi’an asked with surprise.

“Maybe because she’s the youngest and, well, not the brightest, so teacher has a soft spot for her,” Zhong Li guessed.

*…Are you speaking ill of Caiwei? I didn’t expect you to be like this, Zhong Li. Well, with the way she acts, it’s likely true… Seems like Caiwei’s dimwittedness is a known fact at Sitianjian.*

As he thought to himself, Xu Qi’an changed the topic, speaking softly, “I once dreamed of a city where lights illuminate the streets at night, winding through every corner of the city.

“I dreamed of a city filled with towering buildings, like stargazing towers, that glowed with lights of various colours.

“In my dreams, I saw a city where glowing carriages roamed the streets, vibrant and radiant, with lights lasting all night until dawn.”

Listening, Zhong Li was entranced and murmured, “That must be a paradise.”

Xu Qi’an didn’t respond, only smiling with a touch of nostalgia and longing.

The flying sword and paper crane didn’t descend immediately, instead hovering over the outer city for a moment, signalling to the Sitianjian arcanists or skilled experts in the capital that they were allies, not foes.

If they had rushed in unannounced, they might have triggered a defensive response from the city’s experts.

The flying sword and paper crane landed in a secluded alley not far from the city gate. After exchanging farewells, Daoist Jinlian took custody of the unconscious Lina, given his position as leader of the Heaven and Earth Society, it was his responsibility to take care of her.

Xu Qi’an then carried Zhong Li toward the city gate, where his sturdy mare was tied up.

Last night, when he left the city with Daoist Jinlian and others, he brought along his little mare, handing her off to a patrolling Imperial Blade Guard, who left her in the city guard’s care.

“Little mare, your needleman is back.”

Xu Qi’an patted the mare’s neck, untied her, and set off for the inner city with Zhong Li.

Walking from the outer gate to Xu Manor in the inner city would take until midnight; riding the mare would be much faster, and Xu Qi’an felt grateful for his foresight.

Using his Silver Gong privilege to open the inner city gates, he returned to the Xu Residence late into the night. Zhong Li washed up briefly, then used a wooden rod Xu Qi’an provided to reset her dislocated bones.

“I’m sorry. It’s my fault that you had to suffer like this,” Xu Qi’an apologised.

“Take me back to Sitianjian tomorrow; our teacher will heal my leg,” Zhong Li murmured, rubbing her leg. “To borrow your fortune and avoid calamity, I must also give something in return. As you would say, it’s an equal exchange—the unchanging principle of alchemy.”

“Senior Sister Zhong, you’re so understanding. It’s truly touching… By the way, Sister, are you tired?”

Zhong Li shook her head.

Slap! Xu Qi’an placed a blank booklet before her. “If you’re not tired, could you help me write? Carrying you from Xiangcheng to the capital was exhausting. Equal exchange, right? The unchanging principle of alchemy.”

Zhong Li was speechless.

While grinding ink, Xu Qi’an urged, “Hurry up, I promised the Princess I’d deliver her a story. I’ve already kept her waiting a day.”

“…Oh.”

Zhong Li gave a soft, obedient reply and hobbled to the table, sitting down and gripping the brush Xu Qi’an handed her.

…

The next day, Xu Qi’an dressed neatly, fastening his bronze gong and sheathing his sword, before escorting Zhong Li “home.”

After watching Zhong Li disappear into the Stargazing Tower, Xu Qi’an heard a loud chant behind him:

“Where the seas end the heavens make shore, I stand atop the arcane peak!”

*Has Senior Brother Yang changed his slogan? But really, here at the base of the Stargazing Tower? Does he realize what the Jianzheng might think?* Xu Qi’an greeted him warmly, turning around to ask:

“Senior Brother Yang, what brings you here?”

“You seemed to have some trouble last night. Need my help to sort it out?” Yang Qianhuan intoned mysteriously.

Xu Qi’an felt a chill down his spine, narrowing his eyes as he scrutinized Yang Qianhuan’s silhouette.

*What does he mean by that? Is he referring to the fortune I acquired in the ancient tomb yesterday? Impossible—how could Yang Qianhuan detect anything unusual?*

Still uncertain, Xu Qi’an saw Yang Qianhuan standing with his hands behind his back. “I’m only passing on a message from our teacher. Share your thoughts with me, and I will relay them.”

*My thought is to give you a good thrashing!!*

Xu Qi’an’s mouth twitched.

*As expected, Jianzheng must have noticed my anomaly the moment I returned to the capital last night. It makes sense—an Arcanist at the peak of the First Rank, overseeing the city from above, could hardly fail to notice.*

*By asking Senior Brother Yang to pass on his message, it seems the Jianzheng’s concealment has already worn off. Perhaps it was the fortune’s impact?*

*Either way, I must refuse. With Arhat Du’e now gone to the Western Regions, I have no reason to subject myself to the Jianzheng 404 technique. Every time I visit a brothel, my heart bleeds… No longer freeloading would make life unbearable.*

With that thought, Xu Qi’an replied, “No need; please thank the Jianzheng for me.”

He clucked his mare forward and trotted off.

On the way to the Constabulary, bathed in the morning sun, Xu Qi’an suddenly saw a carriage veer out of control up ahead. The horse pulling the carriage seemed spooked, bucking wildly as it charged through the street.

The driver desperately tugged at the reins, but nothing could stop the frenzied horse.

The runaway carriage careened toward a young child crouched by the roadside, playing, while his mother browsed a nearby stall, examining inexpensive jewelry.

Caught off guard, no one had time to react. The young mother, alerted by the gasps of passersby, turned to see the carriage bearing down on her son.

She let out a terrified scream.

At that moment, a young man dressed in a Nightwatcher uniform appeared like a phantom, reaching out to press his hand on the horse’s forehead.

“Neeigh…”

The horse neighed loudly, dropping its front hooves to its knees. The young Nightwatcher didn’t budge an inch.

“Thank you, sir, thank you!” The young mother hugged her son, overwhelmed with joy, bowing repeatedly in gratitude.

Seeing this scene, the onlookers burst into loud applause.

“Isn’t that Sir Xu? Isn’t that our Great Feng’s hero?”

Someone recognized him and shouted in surprise.

Hearing this, other bystanders who had witnessed the magical duel also recognized Xu Qi’an, cheering, “Yes, it’s Sir Xu! It’s Sir Xu!”

Now, even those who hadn’t seen the duel knew that this handsome Silver Gong who had come to the rescue was the hero who had outshone the Buddhist monks in the duel.

*So, I’m already this popular? I’m this adored by the people of the capital…* Xu Qi’an thought with a sigh, clasping his hands in thanks before riding off on his mare.

Behind him, the chant of “Sir Xu!” echoed for a long time.

*This feels good,” Xu Qi’an muttered to himself, “What’s that saying again? ‘Posturing is innate, artfully acquired…’*

Soon after, he encountered a lost child. Fearing that it might be the work of kidnappers, he waited on the spot until the child’s family came looking, earning heartfelt thanks and praise from the onlookers.

Then there was the case of an elderly lady who had fallen on the street with no one to help her cross. Xu Qi’an, being a model citizen, naturally took on this responsibility, receiving her thanks and the admiration of the bystanders.

It then dawned on Xu Qi’an that something was off: *Why is it that wherever I go, I end up in these situations? This isn’t normal. After helping the old lady across, am I supposed to be giving Miss Qiu a back massage next?*

Just as he thought this, a dishevelled woman ran out from a nearby alley, crying.

Behind her came a man, who raised his hand and yelled in anger, “I’ll beat you to death, you shameless wench! I’ll write you a divorce letter right here!”

*This is strange…* Xu Qi’an turned his horse around, spurring it towards Sitianjian in haste.

On the way, he calmed himself and considered a plausible theory.

Originally, the strange fortune within him had been gradually awakening with his advancing cultivation. It was a slow, steady process. The result was an accumulation of small windfalls, starting with silver coins from one cash to five…

But now, after seizing the luck contained within the Imperial Seal, it was as if his luck had spiraled out of control.

*Zhong Li is constantly plagued by misfortune, needing to guard against unexpected calamities. Meanwhile, I’m entangled in fortuitous circumstances, always having to be on the lookout for these ‘showy’ incidents… This is no blessing. And I’m not sure if these incidents are naturally occurring or are specifically engineered to provide me with ‘prestige.’ (posturing opportunity)*

With that thought, Xu Qi’an scoffed at himself: *Maybe I should write a book someday, call it: I Never Meant to Show Off.*

Upon arriving back at Sitianjian, before he could dismount, he heard a deep chant behind him:

“One day I soared, the wind rose high, like a roc nine-thousand li! Plucking the stars with the moon in hand, there’s no one in this world like me!”

Following the resonant words, a piece of violet jade floated in front of Xu Qi’an and hung suspended.

Yang Qianhuan said, “Teacher asked me to give this to you. He said you might encounter some minor troubles, and this jade pendant will help resolve them.”

*Will this pendant suppress my fortune? Xu Qi’an examined the piece of jade, which was disk-shaped and as big as Xu Lingyin’s palm, warm to the touch…* Xu Qi’an felt a surge of admiration.

“The Jianzheng is truly a divine man. He knew I would come back today.”

Yang Qianhuan shook his head, “No, he gave this to me a while ago.”

“?”

Xu Qi’an’s expression froze. “Then why didn’t you give it to me earlier?”

Yang Qianhuan replied as if it were obvious, “The most important things must appear at the last moment, just as heroes always arrive in critical situations.”

*I can’t stand it anymore. Jianzheng, please beat this man senseless…* Xu Qi’an mentally cursed Yang Qianhuan’s ancestors for eighteen generations, his face dark as he spurred his horse away.

…

At Dexin Pavilion, Xu Qi’an and Princess Huaiqing sat at a table, each holding a cup of hot tea, wisps of steam drifting up to Xu Qi’an’s handsome face. He spoke.

“I hear Your Highness has read widely in history, and your talents rival those of any scholar.”

Huaiqing folded her hands over her lap, her back straight, cool and detached. “Rival any scholar?”

Her clear, autumn-water-like eyes scrutinized Xu Qi’an for a few seconds.

“An inadequate description on your subordinate’s part,” he said with a smile. “I should have said your knowledge rivals even that of the Zhuangyuans.”

Without responding further, Huaiqing brought the teacup to her lips and took a sip. “What are you seeking?”

*It’s so easy talking with clever people…* Xu Qi’an thought, “Does Your Highness know of the Liang dynasty?”

The ancient tomb outside Xiangcheng was an internal mission for the Heaven and Earth Society, and as Wei Yuan’s planted agent within the Society, Xu Qi’an was obliged to report this matter to his superior. But due to the unusual luck he’d gained from the Imperial Seal, he intended to keep some details hidden.

“There have been three dynasties named ‘Liang.’ The earliest dates back some three thousand years, and the most recent was the short-lived Great Liang established by remnants of the previous dynasty with the support of the Church of the Warlock God after the Great Feng was founded. It was wiped out eighteen years later by Gaozu, the founding emperor.”

Huaiqing gave her answer immediately.

“And nothing further back than that?” Xu Qi’an frowned.

Huaiqing shook her head.

*It seems that official records don’t include anything from the era shown in the murals…* Though unsurprising, Xu Qi’an still felt a twinge of disappointment.

After the emergence of Confucianism, humanity had begun recording its history, but much of it was painted on walls, which didn’t preserve well. A single war could obliterate such records.

But only long after its orthodoxy, did scholars dedicate their lives to writing and preserving history, treating it as a noble and lifelong pursuit.

“Is there anything else Sir Xu needs?” Huaiqing prompted.

“No, that’s all…”

Xu Qi'an was lost in thought and subconsciously shook his head.

"Nothing more?" Huaiqing’s voice rose slightly.

“Oh, my memory!” Xu Qi'an smacked his forehead, taking a booklet from his robe and placing it on the table. “I’d promised to bring this storybook for Your Highness yesterday, but a matter at home delayed me. I hope your Highness wasn’t kept waiting.”

Huaiqing didn’t even glance at the book, saying flatly, “It’s merely the maids who wished to see it. How could _we_ be ‘kept waiting’?”

“Well, if there’s nothing else, your subordinate shall take his leave.”

Xu Qi'an was already thinking about his upcoming date at Lin’an Manor.

_Women are such a hassle. I hardly have time to cultivate; why do I keep so many of them around…_ Remembering Lin’an’s charming, seductive face, Xu Qi'an could hardly wait.

“No need to see me out.”

Once Xu Qi'an left the hall, Huaiqing lifted her skirts, walked briskly to the table, and eagerly picked up the book. Flipping through it with a sigh of relief, her eyes sparkled with satisfaction at its substantial length.

…

Lingbao Temple.

An orange tabby cat gracefully leapt onto the wall, casting a glance over the quiet courtyard before leaping down.

With its tail high, it crossed a cobblestone path to the meditation room door and raised a paw, knocking lightly.

The door slid open on its own, and Luo Yuheng’s cool voice drifted out. “Why are you here at Lingbao Temple again?”

“Ah!”

The orange cat sighed, vibrating the air with an ancient-sounding voice. “Sister, I’m in urgent need of help. My physical body is on the verge of collapse.”

“I thought you were rather fond of your current body,” Luo Yuheng teased.

“Please don’t slander me, Sister,” the orange cat replied indignantly, his tone righteous. “As cultivators, we do not fuss over trivialities.”

“Enough nonsense. What do you want?” Luo Yuheng grew impatient.

A human-like smile crept onto the orange cat’s face, and he thick-skinnedly said, “I was hoping to ask you for two Blood Embryo Pills.”

Luo Yuheng sighed. “I’m but a temptress who ensnares monarchs and disrupts the court. My elixirs are drawn from the fat of the land. Does Senior Brother not fear that consuming them will cause karmic fire to scorch you, leading to your demise?”

_This petty, grudge-holding woman…_ Daoist Jinlian replied gravely, “Sister, you are mistaken. Emperor Yuanjing’s desire to cultivate has nothing to do with you. If a person of ill intent were to become National Teacher, that would be the true disaster for the court.

“Sister, you bear the burden of all sentient beings by taking on the role of National Teacher and personally keeping watch over Emperor Yuanjing. Otherwise, the court would have fallen into chaos long ago.”

Luo Yuheng sighed wistfully, “If only everyone understood things as clearly as you, Senior Brother. Actually, you’re right. Since I have borrowed the court’s fortune to cultivate, enduring public criticism is only fair.”

“So, about those Blood Embryo Pills…”

“One Blood Embryo Pill, thirty-eight taels of gold. But considering our shared history, I’ll cut the change and give you two for sixty taels.”

_If I had that much silver, would I be coming to you!?_

Daoist Jinlian’s cat face froze.

After a moment’s pause, he leaped over the threshold into the meditation room. Watching the stunning beauty seated cross-legged on a mat, he suggested, “I’ll trade information for the Blood Embryo Pills.”

Luo Yuheng didn’t open her eyes, sitting in a meditative posture with five points aligned to the heavens. Her exquisitely sculpted face was like jade, and her red lips parted slightly. “Although Senior Brother possesses much information, I am uninterested.”

The orange cat’s emerald-green eyes glowed as he stared at her. “What if it’s about Xu Qi’an?”

Luo Yuheng’s eyes opened immediately.

