---
pubDate: 2024-11-21
chapter: v2c98
---

# 328. The Palace Examination

“Something strange?”  

Xu Qi'an pulled out a chair and sat down, motioning for Susu to pour him some water.  

“I’m not your concubine yet, and you’re already ordering me around…” Susu shot him a resentful glance but obediently went to fetch water. After all, the topic at hand was her family’s massacre. She needed this man’s help, as she and her master, Li Miaozhen, couldn’t uncover a hair even if they had a decade to investigate.  

Once Xu Qi'an had taken a sip of tea, Li Miaozhen began, “Susu’s father was named Su Hang, a successful candidate of the imperial examination in Zhende 29. In Yuanjing 14, for reasons unknown, he was demoted to serve as the prefect of Jiangzhou. The following year, he was executed on charges of bribery and corruption.”  

Xu Qi'an rubbed his teacup thoughtfully. “Is there anything unusual about that?”  

“There is,” Li Miaozhen replied, turning to Susu. “She doesn’t remember ever living in the capital. Susu’s soul is intact. When my master found her, she was cultivating with the Yin energy from a mass grave, achieving a fair degree of power. A resentful spirit with her cultivation level wouldn’t have memory lapses unless her memories were erased while she was alive.”  

Susu interjected, “Maybe… maybe I really never lived in the capital.”  

Xu Qi'an shook his head. “Any official who takes up a position in the capital is required to relocate their family there. I’m more inclined to think there’s an issue with your memories from when you were alive. Hmm, this is getting interesting.”  

The three of them fell silent for a moment before Xu Qi'an said, “Since he served as a capital official, the Ministry of Personnel should have records on him… but the Ministry of Personnel is Prime Minister Wang’s domain, and he’s Wei Yuan’s political rival. Without a solid reason, I have no authority to access their archives. So, don’t rush—wait for an opportunity.”  

Li Miaozhen and Susu nodded in agreement.  

Xu Qi'an sipped his warm tea before asking, “What’s your younger brother’s name? How old was he when the incident happened?”  

Susu tilted her head in thought. “His name is Su Chengzhi. He was about eleven or twelve when the tragedy struck.”  

*That would make him around thirty-one or thirty-two now. Finding this little brother is like searching for a needle in a haystack… If only the Great Feng had an advanced public security system…* Xu Qi'an hinted, “I’ll try to help you locate him, but don’t get your hopes up too high.”  

Susu nodded, understanding how difficult the task was and choosing not to press further.  

With that matter settled, Xu Qi'an brought up another topic. Looking at Li Miaozhen, he asked, “When do you plan to begin the Conflict of Heaven and Man?”  

Li Miaozhen didn’t hesitate. “I’ll issue a challenge first, then set a date. Let’s say within seven days.”  

Xu Qi'an nodded slowly and bluntly offered his advice. “Before the Conflict of Heaven and Man concludes, it’s best that you don’t leave the capital. No matter what letters you receive or whom you meet, stay put.”  

Li Miaozhen raised an eyebrow. “You think someone would try to harm me?”  

“That’s obvious,” Xu Qi'an sighed. “If something happens to you in the capital, would the Heaven sect’s leader let it slide? A Daoist Grandmaster at the peak of the mortal realm is probably on par with the Jianzheng.”  

Susu puffed out her paper chest, her expression proud. “Knowing our sect leader is at the pinnacle of cultivation, who would dare harm my master?”  

Xu Qi'an felt a pang of pity for the ghost’s intelligence. “Your father was a scholar, but you seem to have inherited none of his smarts… It’s precisely because Miaozhen is the Holy Maiden of the Heaven Sect that she’s a target.  

“The Emperor is obsessed with Daoism, and to maintain his grip on power, he’s fostered the current chaotic factional struggles in court. There are people deeply dissatisfied with this situation. For them, the Conflict of Heaven and Man is a golden opportunity.  

“Additionally, this event has drawn widespread attention, attracting jianghu warrirors from across the land. Among them, there are bound to be spies from foreign powers, all of whom would love to see Li Miaozhen perish in the capital.”  

Susu suddenly understood.  

“You’re a fourth-rank Daoist. Ordinary opponents aren’t a threat to you, and foreign experts above the fourth rank wouldn’t dare enter the capital to assassinate you—it’s a fool’s errand. As for the court’s own experts, they wouldn’t act unless they’re prepared to die.”  

“Thanks for the warning. I understand now,” Li Miaozhen said. “I’ll arrange for ghost sentries around the Xu residence. If anyone suspicious approaches, I’ll be alerted immediately. In such a case, I’ll act preemptively or leave the Xu residence to ensure your family isn’t implicated. Though I think the chances are slim.”  

Then, unable to hold back, she muttered, “That damn Emperor Yuanjing.”  

*Hey, watch your words! It’s fine to rant online, but…* Xu Qi'an smiled and nodded, rising to his feet. “In that case, this outsider will leave the two ladies to their beauty sleep.”  

Under their somewhat bewildered gazes, he left the room.  

…

The 27th March, an auspicious day for consecration, tailoring, travel, and marriage.  

Today was the day of the palace examination, exactly a month after the conclusion of the metropolitan exam.  

The sky was still dark when Auntie woke up. She dressed in an exquisitely embroidered long gown, her slightly dishevelled hair pinned back with a simple golden hairpin. Her pretty eyes looked drowsy, and her eye bags were puffy.  

Auntie busied herself instructing the kitchen staff to prepare breakfast for Erlang while bringing her personal maid, Lyu'e, to knock on his door.  

Xu Erlang, dressed in a light white robe and wearing the jade pendant gifted by Ziyang Jushi, was full of energy as he opened the door for his mother.  

“Erlang, up so early?” Auntie yawned and said, “I’ve asked the kitchen to prepare breakfast. Why not sleep for another quarter-hour? I’ll wake you then.”  

“No need,” Xu Erlang replied, reassuring his mother. “Don’t worry, Mother. The palace examination ranks the candidates. With my title as huiyuan, my position won’t be too low.”  

Auntie finally felt relieved. As she stepped out of the room with Lyu'e, she suddenly screamed.  

Xu Erlang, startled, rushed out to check. In the courtyard stood a woman in white holding a crimson umbrella.  

It was just past the third watch,[^1] and the sky was still inky black. The woman, clad in white and holding her red umbrella, exuded an eerie aura.  

“Madam Xu,” Susu greeted with a gentle smile, bowing gracefully.  

Auntie breathed a sigh of relief, thinking, *What is she doing outside at this hour instead of sleeping in her room? I almost thought she was a ghost.*  

Xu Erlang, after a moment’s scrutiny, calmly retracted his gaze and told Auntie, “Mother, you should go back to bed.”  

After sending Auntie away, Xu Erlang looked at Susu. “Does my elder brother know your identity?”  

*Can he see through my charm? As expected of a Cloud Deer Academy scholar…* Susu’s smile deepened, revealing dimples as she said coyly, “He does. He even promised to help me regain my body and let me be his concubine for three years.”  

*… That’s exactly the kind of thing my big brother would do. Has he grown tired of Jiaofangsi’s oirans and set his sights on ghosts now?* 

Xu Erlang was left speechless for a long moment.  

Knowing that today was the day of the palace examination, just after third watch the candles were already lit in Xu manor. Hearing about this, Li Miaozhen also came out to join in the commotion. After everyone had breakfast, they accompanied Xu Xinnian out of the manor.

“Erlang, not only is today the exam that decides your future, but also a chance for you to prove your innocence and right this wrong that has been placed on you. You have to do well.” Xu Pingzhi, in his armour and helmet, advised Erlang in a serious tone.

Xu Xinnian walked and nodded: “I know, don’t worry, dad, I…”

The latter half of the sentence stuck in his throat. He looked at the street ahead with a stiff expression, as two “familiar faces” stood there. One was a tall burly monk, with a kasaya bleached pale by countless washings; the other was an azure-robed swordsman, with a single lock of white hair loose on his brow, not young, but still giving off the sense of countless years of experience.

*You two again, you two again!*

Xu Xinnian’s mind angrily roared.

“Those are Big Brother’s friends…” Xu Qi’an patted his younger brother’s shoulder, soothing his anger.

In the past, since he hadn’t interacted with Number Four, Xu Qi’an let Xu Xinnian carry the pot. But now, Xu Qi’an’s identity was gradually solidifying, and Chu Yuanzhen had started accepting the persona of "Number Three’s older cousin."

Once preconceived notions take root, Chu Yuanzhen wouldn’t bother to overanalyse, nor would he question, “Is there something off about Number Three’s persona?” People were always more inclined to trust friends and familiar faces—this is why.

Hengyuan and Chu Yuanzhen exchanged polite nods and greetings before their gazes naturally shifted to Li Miaozhen.

The Holy Maiden of the Heaven Sect had a fair and pristine oval face, unadorned by cosmetics. Her eyes, as clear and bright as black pearls, radiated purity. Her sharp brows accentuated the subtle but distinct sharpness in her aura.

*Rather than resembling the Holy Maiden of a Heaven Sect, she seemed more like a seasoned female general… Right, she had spent a year serving in Yunzhou’s army…* Hengyuan the monk clasped his hands in a prayer gesture and smiled at Li Miaozhen.

*Her aura is restrained, revealing not a hint of her cultivation. Though her level is indiscernible, her presence in the capital implies she has stepped into the fourth rank. Heh, it’s been many years since my crushing defeat against Zhang Kaitai; I haven’t crossed paths with another fourth rank since.*

Chu Yuanzhen smiled faintly, his pupils alight with the quiet flames of battle-spirit.

*The bald one is Number Six, and the sword-bearer is Number Four. Hmm, as Number One said, Number Four doesn’t seem to follow the orthodox Human Sect path…* Li Miaozhen nodded slightly, acknowledging the greetings.

As for Number Five, Lina, she was still sound asleep in her room, snoring away just like her disciple, Xu Lingyin.

“Clop, clop, clop…”

The three men of the Xu family rode off, leaving Li Miaozhen to watch their retreating figures. From beside her came Hengyuan’s voice: “Amitabha, may Number Three rank in the top grade in the imperial examination.”

Chu Yuanzhen snickered. “Securing a spot in the second grade would already be impressive. After all, he’s a student of Cloud Deer Academy. But… Number Three hides great secrets.”

Hengyuan was taken aback. “Secrets?”

Chu Yuanzhen nodded, his smile mysterious. “If my guess is correct, the vision of pure qi soaring from the Lesser Sage Temple of Cloud Deer Academy is related to Number Three.

“Of course, this is just speculation—take it as you will.”

Hengyuan seemed to grasp the implication.

Li Miaozhen’s expression turned odd. Number Four and Number Six had no idea that Xu Qi’an was Number Three; they still thought Xu Xinnian was Number Three.

*When they eventually learn the truth and recall today’s conversation, would they feel as ashamed as I do, wanting to pummel Xu Qi’an but also having no choice but to keep it under wraps?* 

*Because this way, everyone could pretend nothing ever happened.*

Thinking this, she cast a sympathetic glance at Number Four and Number Six.

…

The darkness before dawn was the thickest. Four hundred tribute candidates gathered outside the Meridian Gate, waiting for the palace examination.

Flanked by two rows of imperial guards holding torches, the scholars stood under the watchful eyes of the civil and military officials gathered nearby. Occasionally, the officials whispered amongst themselves, while the Ministry of Rites officials toiled to maintain order.

For the third time, identities were verified, and numbers were checked.

The Meridian Gate had five arches: three central gates and two side gates. On regular days, civil and military officials entered through the side gates, leaving the central gates exclusively for the Emperor and Empress. However, top scorers in the palace examination—Zhuangyuan, Bangyan, and Tanhua—would be granted the honour of passing once through the central gates.

Standing at the forefront of the tribute candidates, Xu Xinnian, as the Huiyuan, held his head high with a stoic expression. His posture exuded an air of superiority, as if everyone else present were beneath him.

Scholars were, surprisingly, very drawn to this attitude. Particularly when a brilliant Huiyuan adopted such a stance, even the distant officials couldn’t help but silently praise him: *This young man is exceptional.*

The drums sounded, thrice, signalling the start of the exams. Civil and military officials entered first, followed by the candidates, led by the Ministry of Rites officials, through the Meridian Gate, across the Jinshui Bridge, and into the square outside Jinluan Palace.

Squinting at the distant hall, Xu Xinnian could only make out the officials on the dais. The inner proceedings of the palace were out of sight.

After a long while, the officials exited the hall, signalling the start of the palace examination.

Even Xu Xinnian couldn’t suppress a flicker of nervousness at this moment.

“Gulp…”

The sound of someone swallowing broke the tense silence among the scholars. Suddenly, a commotion erupted behind them—angry shouts and scolding voices.

Turning around, they glimpsed through the archway a white-robed arcanist blocking the path of the civil and military officials.

Standing with his back to the scholars, the arcanist seemed utterly indifferent to the clamour around him.

As a confucian scholar of the eight rank, Xu Xinnian could just about make out the rebukes wer.

“Yang Qianhuan! Are you rebelling? Get out of the way this instant!”

“Yang Qianhuan, what are you doing? This is the Meridian Gate. Today is the palace examination—are you here to disrupt it?”

Amid the shouting came a low sigh. The white-robed figure slowly recited:

“Though your bodies and names may perish, the rivers and mountains will endure for eternity! Pah…”

For a moment, silence reigned. Then the civil and military officials erupted in chaos, their uproar filling the air.

“What… what just happened?” A scholar murmured, bewildered.

“That… wasn’t that Silver Gong Xu Qi’an’s poem mocking the officials? And that white-robed figure seemed to be from the Sitianjian…”

“He’s gone…”

The four hundred candidates could no longer maintain composure, whispering and turning to glance back at the Meridian Gate.

“Silence!” bellowed a Ministry of Rites official. “This matter does not concern you. Focus on your exam! Anyone caught whispering again will be kicked out of the Meridian Gate and barred for three years!”

The scholars fell silent at once.

The officials, who had initially dispersed, returned with varying expressions—some dark and brooding, others animated or filled with righteous indignation—as they re-entered Jinluan hall. Soon, the sound of heated argument emerged from within.

A quarter of an hour later, the officials exited the hall once more and did not return.

*Yang Qianhuan… That name sounds familiar. Where have I heard it before?* Xu Xinnian mused.

“Xu Xinnian, candidate of Cloud Deer Academy, the Capital,” called a Ministry of Rites official.

The announcement snapped Xu Xinnian back to reality. He stepped forward, collected his sealed examination paper from the Registrar Official from the Office of Protocol, and strode into Jinluan Hall with his head held high.

…

The palace examination consisted solely of policy questions and lasted only one day, with submissions by sunset.

As Xu Xinnian emerged from the palace under the golden glow of the setting sun, he spotted his elder brother mounted on a horse, holding the reins of a second horse, smiling as he waited.

“I told Uncle I’d come to fetch you,” Xu Qi’an said. “How did it go?”

“Not bad,” Xu Xinnian replied coolly. “If I were a student of the Imperial Academy, I’d be guaranteed the top rank.”

*…stop showing off, you…* Xu Qi’an nodded approvingly. “Good. That way, you’ll uphold Big Brother’s prestige. In the future, no one will dare say elder tiger younger hound.”

Xu Xinnian sighed. “Big Brother may have fame, but you’re not a scholar. If the Xu family wishes to gain a firm footing and respect in the capital, we need a scholar who succeeds in the imperial exams.”

Xu Qi’an grunted. “Work hard, Erlang. By the way, I just came from Lin’an Manor.”

“…” Xu Xinnian clasped his hands in salute.

He conceded; he still couldn’t outdo his big brother in boasting.

Xu Qi’an tossed him the reins. “Erlang, you’ve already emerged from the path of the imperial exams. Tonight, Big Brother will treat you—let’s celebrate at the Jiaofangsi.”

“What about Mother and Little Sister…” Xu Xinnian frowned.

“I told Auntie I’m on night patrol. As for you, isn’t it perfectly normal to drink with your classmates after finishing the palace examination?” Xu Qi’an reasoned.

“Big Brother speaks the truth,” Xu Xinnian said, breaking into a smile.

---

[^1]: Traditionally china had both a 12 division *shichen* system, which produces the double-hours which are normally used, but in the night the 10-division night watch *gengdian* system was used. (*geng* is the sound of the night watch bell, hence *dagengren* — “the bell-strikers” are the nightwatchers). Third watch would be just after midnight, somewhere in the very early morning.

