---
pubDate: 2025-01-04
chapter: v2c125
---

# 355. The Delegation Reaches the Border

The bracelet slipped from her snow-white wrist, and before Xu Qi’an’s eyes, the plain-faced, older woman’s appearance shimmered like a reflection in water. With a wave of change, her true visage was revealed.

Her eyes were round and alluring, reflecting the firelight like shallow lakes holding brilliant gems—clear and captivating.

She shyly lifted her head, her lashes trembling softly, exuding an elusive beauty.

Her lips were full and rosy, her mouth delicately sculpted, like the most tempting of cherries, inviting a kiss.

While her beauty was undeniable, her grace and poise eclipsed it—a celestial maiden from a painted scroll come to life.

“...”

Xu Qi’an had seen breathtaking beauties before and was well aware that the Zhenbei princess consort was acclaimed as the most beautiful woman in the Great Feng. Naturally, she had her merits.

However, upon seeing the legendary beauty in person, Xu Qi’an couldn’t help but feel a powerful sense of awe. A verse sprang to mind unbidden:

*Clouds like her garments, flowers her face;   *
*The spring wind sweeps dew, splendid and dense.   *
*If not seen at the peak of jade mountains,   *
*The under the moon on gemstone terrace.*[^1]  

“G-give it back…” she stammered, her voice tinged with both a sob and a plea.

Xu Qi’an silently observed her, refraining from further teasing, and handed the bracelet back.

The princess consort snatched it from his hand, hurriedly put it back on, and once again, shimmering light rippled over her figure. She transformed back into the plain, middle-aged woman she had been.

In her thirties, her features were unremarkable, her demeanour ordinary.

She touched her face, visibly relieved, and tightly tucked her bracelet-clad hand behind her back, retreating cautiously while fixing Xu Qi’an with a wary gaze.

She knew her beauty was an irresistible temptation to men.

Among all men, only two had ever resisted her allure. One was Emperor Yuanjing, utterly consumed by the pursuit of immortality. The other was King Huai, whose obsession with martial arts had driven him to seek her for ulterior motives.

As for Xu Qi’an, in her impression of him, his labels were: young hero, lecherous rogue.

Rumour had it that he spent his days frequenting the Jiaofangsi and had tangled relations with many an oiran. His reputation as a gallant and his unrestrained amorous exploits often intertwined, becoming the talk of the town.

But what the princess consort feared most was the lecher.

*She’s truly dazzling... No, this isn’t just about beauty. She’s the kind of woman that reminds you of your first love.* The thought crossed Xu Qi’an’s mind, reminding him of a meme he had seen in his previous life.

He found it fitting; the princess consort wasn’t merely beautiful; the charm she exuded struck at the softest parts of a man’s heart.

*So this is the most beautiful woman in the Great Feng? Hah, what a fascinating character.*

Xu Qi’an prodded the fire with a stick, his gaze steady on the flames as he said, “This bracelet must be the one I helped you win in that game of pitch-pot. It masks your aura and alters your appearance.”

The princess consort was momentarily stunned. Recalling her transformation when she removed the bracelet, she assumed his deduction came from observation and nodded slightly.

Xu Qi’an continued, “I’d heard the Zhenbei princess consort was the Great Feng’s most beautiful woman, and I used to doubt it. But now, having seen your true face… I can only say, you are well-deserving of the title.”

The princess consort frowned. “You doubted it?”

Had another woman said this, princess consort might have dismissed it as jealousy, which would be understandable. But hearing it from a man struck her as odd.

Xu Qi’an nodded. “Because I felt that my pond… the women around me — each are outstanding in her own way, like a hundred flowers blooming in a garden. And the so-called princess consort was just another equally radiant blossom.”

Even so, he had to admit that princess consort’s fleeting display of peerless beauty carried an immense, almost magnetic charm.

Though seasoned, Xu Qi’an had felt a primal, fleeting urge—a raw instinct of the male kind.

Hearing this, the princess consort let out a cold laugh.

How could the women this lecher dallied with compare to her? Those Jiaofangsi oirans might be enchanting, but comparing her to courtesans was insulting.

In the capital, the princess consort felt only Emperor Yuanjing’s eldest and second daughters were barely worthy to stand beside her. National Teacher Luo Yuheng, at her most enchanting, could contend with her, though she fell short most of the time.

As for other women, she either hadn’t met them or considered them beautiful but of lowly status.

To the princess consort, the capital was a towering mountain, and she stood alone at its peak—invincible. She need only glance to see the crowns of Princess Huaiqing and Princess Lin’an beneath her, with Luo Yuheng’s visage occasionally joining the view.

Of course, there was another contender—if only the she had been younger, in her prime.

The Empress Consort of the Great Feng.

The women Xu Qi’an flirted with naturally would not include the princesses or the National Teacher. Thus, princess consort dismissed his remarks, raising her chin haughtily.

“It’s been nearly ten days since leaving the capital. Disguising yourself as a maid must have been exhausting. I’ve tolerated you as much as you’ve tolerated me,” Xu Qi’an said with a chuckle.

“What do you mean?” The princess consort was startled.

“That night on the deck, I wanted to remove your bracelet, but I didn’t want to complicate matters. As the delegation’s lead official, I had to consider the bigger picture.”

The princess consort froze, staring at him in shock. “You… you knew I was the princess consort back then?”

Impossible. She had acted so well, often silently applauding her performance as a maid. How could he have seen through her?

“To be precise, I began suspecting when you threw gold at me in the Wang Residence. I confirmed your identity when we met again on the official ship. By then, I knew you were the real princess consort, and the one on the ship was merely a fake,” Xu Qi’an replied with a smile.

After abandoning the ship for overland travel, seeing the fake princess consort only reinforced his belief.

The reason was simple—he had once kept a diary, and it contained an entry detailing one of the princess consort’s characteristics.

*I… I was exposed so early…* the princess consort opened her mouth but couldn’t form words. Recalling her behaviour over the past days, an overwhelming shame and embarrassment flooded her.

“I’m telling you this to assure you: while I may be a lecher… what man isn’t? I have never forced myself on a woman. We still have a journey north ahead of us, and I need your cooperation,” Xu Qi’an said, trying to reassure her.

The Great Feng Silver Gong never forced himself upon a woman—unless, of course, she was into that kind of stuff.

*There’s no escaping this journey north…* the princess consort pressed her lips together, a trace of disappointment in her eyes. After a moment of silence, she asked, “When will we rejoin the delegation?”

The young Silver Gong looked up, the firelight casting shadows across his face. His lips curled into a smile, enigmatic and meaningful.

“Who said we’re rejoining the delegation?”

…

That night, the banyan tree rustled softly in the breeze, and nothing happened.

At dawn, the first rays of sunlight illuminated her face, accompanied by the melodious chirping of birds. She woke lightly, noticing the campfire had burned out. A large iron pot was perched above it, emitting a fragrant aroma of porridge.

Her stomach growled twice. Overcome with delight, the princess approached the firepit, lifted the lid of the pot, and found it brimming with thick porridge enough for three to five people.

Beside it lay clean bowls and chopsticks.

*Where did he get a pot to cook porridge? No, where did he get the rice? And clean utensils? …* The princess ladled herself a bowl of porridge and began to eat cheerfully.

The thick and sweet porridge, at just the right temperature, slid warmly into her stomach. She savoured it and smiled, her brows arching in satisfaction.

After finishing two roasted rabbit legs last night, her stomach had felt unsettled. She had gotten up in the middle of the night for water, only to discover that it had been consumed by that scoundrel. Now, parched and famished, this sweet bowl of porridge felt better than the finest delicacies.

At that moment, footsteps approached from afar. Xu Qi’an returned, dressed in plain clothes and wearing a mink hat, slightly damp, as if he had just washed.

“There’s a small creek over there. No one nearby—perfect for a bath.” Xu Qi’an sat down beside her, tossing over a bar of soap and a boar-bristle toothbrush.

“Want to bathe?”

The princess consort held her bowl with both hands and scrutinised Xu Qi’an for a moment before shaking her head slightly.

“Not dirty?” Xu Qi’an frowned. For a noble consort, her lack of concern for hygiene was surprising.

“You’re the dirty one,” she retorted, ungratefully.

There was no way she would bathe; that would only give this lecherous scoundrel an opportunity to spy or even suggest bathing together…

*Ah, yes, goddesses don’t need bathrooms—it’s my low awareness…* Xu Qi’an took back the boar-bristle toothbrush and soap.

The princess consort hurriedly said, “But brushing my teeth is necessary.”

She had a small appetite and felt full after one bowl of porridge. Holding the boar-bristle toothbrush, she walked toward the river, suspicious it might already have been used by Xu Qi’an but lacking proof.

When she returned, the pot and utensils had disappeared. Xu Qi’an sat cross-legged by the ashes, intently studying a map.

“Where are we headed next?” she asked.

“Sanhuang County.”

Xu Qi’an didn’t try to make any suspense and explained, “It’s a county bordering Chuzhou and Jiangzhou, where we have Nightwatcher informants. I want to find one to gather intelligence before delving deeper into Chuzhou.”

The Blood Runs Three Thousand Miles case was shrouded in mystery, seemingly involving hidden truths. Against such a backdrop, Xu Qi’an believed investigating in secrecy was the right approach.

Being too high-profile could expose himself and his companions to danger.

Yang Yan’s delegation served as a decoy on the surface.

*A steady and cautious plan...* The princess consort nodded slightly and asked again, “Where did the stuff go?”

“None of your business,” Xu Qi’an retorted coldly.

They resumed their journey, avoiding main roads, traveling along mountain paths, field ridges, or even crossing rugged terrain.

For an entire day, one stingy woman did not say another word to him.

Mountain paths did have their charms. The scenery was pleasant, with green hills, clear waters, and drifting white clouds.

Occasionally, they passed proud pines standing atop cliffs, their canopies spreading like umbrellas. Wildflowers blossomed along the roadside, simple yet resilient.

Xu Qi’an, a man who appreciated beauty, didn’t rush. He often paused to rest leisurely in picturesque spots for a while, sharing his fish-keeping expertise, only to elicit the princess’s disdainful sneers.

…

Half a week later, the delegation entered the northern border and arrived at a city called Wanzhou.

Wanzhou was a small prefecture city—larger than a county but smaller than a commandery. The land was fertile, ideal for farming, and served as one of Chuzhou’s breadbaskets.

Its architectural style resembled the capital of the Central Plains but on a much smaller scale. Lacking nearby docks, its prosperity was limited.

After presenting imperial credentials, the highest-ranking officer at the city gate, a centurion, personally escorted them to the post station.

Once the delegation settled in, Yang Yan took a hot bath and was about to enjoy tea when Wanzhou’s prefect arrived.

The prefect, surnamed Niu, was tall and lean with a goatee. He wore a green robe embroidered with egrets and was accompanied by two constabulary officers.

“Forgive me for failing to welcome you earlier. Your esteemed presence is an honour.”

Prefect Niu greeted the High Court Deputy Justice, the two censors, and Yang Yan with utmost humility. He then asked, “May I inquire about the purpose of your visit?”

Unskilled in official pleasantries, Yang Yan remained silent.

The Deputy Justice, all smiles, handed over a prepared document and exchanged friendly banter with the prefect.

After finishing their pleasantries, Prefect Niu unfolded the document and read it carefully.

Upon finishing, his expression turned peculiar, bordering on incredulous. Scanning the group, he cautiously asked, “May I ask, who is Silver Gong Xu?”

The Deputy Justice sighed and said with sorrow, “On the way, our delegation was ambushed. Silver Gong Xu, protecting us, sustained serious injuries and has been sent back to the capital.”

Prefect Niu was aghast. “Such a thing happened? What scoundrels dare attack an imperial delegation? Utterly lawless!”

Censor Liu waved dismissively. “No need to mention it. Prefect Niu, we’re here to investigate a case and have some questions.”

Prefect Niu hastily bowed. “Censor Sir, please proceed.”

With a solemn expression, Censor Liu asked, “What’s the state of the war in Chuzhou?”

Prefect Niu sighed. “Last year, heavy snowfall in the north killed countless livestock. This spring, the barbarians frequently invaded the borders, pillaging, burning, and slaughtering.

“Fortunately, the Zhenbei King commands a vast army. Not a single city has fallen. The barbarians dare not penetrate deeply into Chuzhou, but the border villages have suffered greatly.”

Not all civilians resided within city walls. Those in villages and small towns were the ones targeted by the barbarians.

The delegation exchanged glances. The Chief Constable from the Ministry of Law frowned and asked, “Where did the Blood Runs Three Thousand Miles massacre occur?”

Prefect Niu chuckled bitterly and spread his hands. “That’s preposterous. Chuzhou’s total expanse is only about eight thousand miles. If such a massacre happened, how could I still stand here talking to you?”

Censor Liu sneered. “We’re all learned men here, Prefect Niu. Don’t play clever tricks.”

Blood Runs Three Thousand Miles was an idiom originating from the Warring States period. It described a ruthless general who, upon annihilating an enemy nation, left a trail of death spanning three thousand miles.

In later times, it became a metaphor for large-scale massacres and cruel atrocities.

Although the barbarians frequently harassed the border, the reports sent back by the Zhenbei King merely mentioned minor skirmishes and constant victories.

If the barbarians truly committed atrocities equivalent to Blood Runs Three Thousand Miles, it would mean the Zhenbei King falsified military reports—a grave dereliction of duty.

---

[^1]: Li Bai, Song of Purity and Peace (I)

