---
pubDate: 2025-06-05
chapter: v2c250
---

# 480. Wei Yuan's Prepared Hand

Xu Qi’an’s gaze rested on the sandalwood brocade box. The box was sealed by some force, faintly emanating a clear light.

He slowly reached out his hand and placed it on the box.

Zhao Shou’s voice was low as he said, “I must remind you, opening this box means you are formally stepping into the game.”

Xu Qi’an’s expression remained calm. “I understand.”

He then opened the box. A striking, sorrowful crimson entered his pupils. Inside the box, a blood pill the size of a pigeon’s egg quietly lay there.

In the autumn wind, the surrounding grass and trees rustled, the withered branches outside the pavilion sprouted fresh green buds, sharp blades of grass emerged from the ground, and insects crawled up from beneath the earth, swarming towards the pavilion.

But they were all stopped by a barrier of clear light outside the pavilion.

Xu Qi’an’s lips moved slightly. “A blood pill…”

Zhao Shou nodded. “Before Wei Yuan left, he kept part of the blood pill here. Together we deduced that no matter whether or not this part of the blood pill was kept here, it would not affect the change of success at Mount Jing City.

“So Wei Yuan split off a portion of the blood pill and entrusted it to me for safekeeping. He said, the battlefield of the Church of the Warlock God would be dealt with by him, and the battlefield of the capital would be left to Xu Qi’an.”

At this, Zhao Shou smiled warmly. “I asked him, what if Xu Qi’an was unable to advance to fourth rank by then? He did not answer me. Now that I see you, I finally understand how confident he was back then.”

*Duke Wei had already anticipated this step…* Xu Qi’an’s gaze seemed to deepen as he looked down at the blood pill.

“If I swallow it, can I advance to third rank?”

Zhao Shou replied affirmatively, saying:

“Third rank is called Undying Body. At its root, it is an extraordinary level of vitality, far surpassing ordinary people. Severed limbs can regrow. As long as you do not die instantly, any injury can heal.

“The normal path of cultivation is to temper the body day after day. If one can supplement it with pills and rare treasures, so much the better. Through cultivation, the body transforms, the flesh brims with vitality.

“Of course, there is a shortcut: devouring qi and blood, and using this vast energy to catalyse bodily transformation, shedding the mortal body. On that day, the Zhenbei King sought to refine a blood pill, pushing his body to the peak of third rank to increase his chances of reaching second rank.”

Xu Qi’an nodded slowly. He knew that King Huai refined the blood pill to prepare for draining the princess consort; this was something he had long known.

To advance to second rank, the key was the princess consort’s spiritual essence.

King Huai merely wanted to increase his odds of success, so he refined a blood pill to forcibly reach the peak of third rank. This showed that the essence of third rank truly was the vitality of life.

Zhao Shou lightly waved his sleeve, reducing the swarming insects outside the pavilion to dust, then continued:

“In theory, as long as you reach fourth rank, if your vitality is strong enough, you can quickly ascend to third rank. But there are failures. The blood pill is only a catalyst. A fourth rank martial artist is not supposed to absorb it; a mortal body absorbing so much energy would only burst apart, just like those insects.

“The correct method is to use its life energy to temper and stimulate the flesh, causing your body to transform and transcend the mortal realm.

“Once your body is transformed and you have stepped into the extraordinary, then you absorb the blood pill’s power to heal your injuries.”

*The blood is was a stepping stone, its energy used to force open the gate to transcendence. At that point, one would be close to death but also capable of absorbing the pellet’s essence to restore oneself, healing wounds…* Xu Qi’an nodded. “This makes sense.”

“I have set up a barrier in the pavilion. You may ascend here; even if you fail, I can at least save your life.”

Zhao Shou’s words were very straightforward, taking this shortcut as a martial artist, failure meant certain death, and the probability of failure was high.

After clarifying the details of refining, Xu Qi’an did not hesitate. He grabbed the blood pill and swallowed it.

Boom!

The moment the blood pill entered his throat, he felt a warm current surge into his abdomen, then his lower belly felt as though it exploded.

Amidst excruciating pain, Xu Qi’an saw blood splatter all over the ground before him, realising it was not an illusion, his lower abdomen had truly burst.

Puff, puff, puff… Blood holes burst open across his body, chest, back, waist, he was like the demon king in stories, his body gradually breaking apart as if stuffed with explosives by chivalrous heroes.

“Focus your mind, refine the blood pill.”

Zhao Shou’s voice seemed to contain some kind of power, allowing Xu Qi’an’s scattered thoughts to coalesce and escape chaos.

Xu Qi’an held his breath and calmed his mind, attempting to guide the chaotic, violent life force inside him.

But it was useless. Wherever this energy went, it brought destruction. Meridians snapped, cells ruptured, terrifying wounds appeared, spiderweb-like cracks spread across his body.

*It is not about absorbing it, but using this force to make my cells extraordinary, to give them the undying trait. But how do I make the cells radiate with new life?*

Watching his vitality wane bit by bit, Xu Qi’an could not hide his fear.

*...Wait, this is the same method by which Shenshu granted me vital essence. The only difference was that Shenshu erased the will in the vital essence beforehand.*

Suddenly, Xu Qi’an remembered, he was different from ordinary martial artists. He had already absorbed the vital essence of high-ranking martial artists twice before. If the dean was right, he should have died twice already.

*Ordinary martial artists must transform their life level before absorbing the blood pill’s power, but I have already done something similar. I might as well try absorbing it directly…*

With the power of the dean’s words supporting him, his thoughts became clear. He used his will to control the life force, making it less violent, while simultaneously attempting to absorb and nurture his cells.

Destroyed cells were reborn and filled with vitality, only to be destroyed and reborn again by the blood pill’s force. Each cycle of destruction and rebirth tempered the cells like ordinary iron in a forge.

Xu Qi’an was delighted. He did indeed have the foundation to directly absorb the blood pill’s power, he was already half a step beyond the mortal realm. With Shenshu’s protection and his previous experience, he had built a solid foundation.

*Jianzheng, was this also one of your gifts?*

He could not help but recall what Shenshu once said: nurturing was mutual, it benefited both Shenshu and himself. The Jianzheng must have known this too.

Had he paved the way for him all along?

Suppressing his fear and wariness towards this LYB, he patiently absorbed the blood pill’s power.

Time passed slowly. No one knew how long had gone by. After the last trace of life force was absorbed, Xu Qi’an’s wounds had long since healed.

His clothes were stained with blood, but his body was now as clear as jade, flawless and immaculate.

Zhao Shou narrowed his eyes and smiled. “Congratulation, Silver Gong Xu, on advancing to third rank and stepping beyond the mortal realm.”

*The dean is third rank, I'm also third rank, I wonder if I can defeat him... oh, Zhao Shou was at the peak of third rank, only a step away from second, never mind then...* Xu Qi'an bowed respectfully.

“Thank you, dean, for your help.”

Zhao Shou shook his head with a smile. “It was not I who helped you, but Wei Yuan, and…”

He glanced in the direction of the capital.

…

Xu Qi’an changed into a set of clean, tidy clothes and made his way to his second uncle’s courtyard.

Lingyin and Lina were nowhere to be seen in the courtyard. His second uncle and Xu Lingyue sat at a stone table, drinking tea, while his aunt was crouched by the flowerbeds, loosening the soil and watering the plants.

“Husband dear, the academy is truly marvellous. The flowers here bloom all year round. When Erlang told me before, I didn’t believe him…” his aunt said sweetly.

Second Uncle Xu stood up in delight as he saw his nephew enter the courtyard.

But Xu Lingyue was quicker still, flying to him like a swallow returning to the woods. After the New Year, she would be a nineteen-year-old lady, her figure growing ever more graceful and shapely.

“Big brother!” Xu Lingyue choked, her voice a mixture of sorrow and joy.

After Li Miaozhen returned to the capital, she had come to the academy to inform them of Xu Qi’an’s condition, still gravely injured, unconscious, and had nearly died.

Second Uncle Xu felt a weight lifted from his shoulders.

Auntie turned her head and, seeing her nephew safe and sound, her face instantly lit up. But she quickly composed herself, curled her lips, and said, “Husband dear, I told you, this boy’s luck is both foul and unbreakable. No need to worry about him.”

Erlang’s pride was clearly inherited from Auntie.

After some greetings, Xu Qi’an took out the prepared property deed and land deed and said, “Second Uncle, I bought a residence in Jianzhou. Tomorrow at five, you can set off with Auntie and my sisters.”

He did not leave them silver. Now that the Xu family was wealthy, they did not lack for travel expenses or anything else.

Moreover, if anything befell him, someone would deliver his savings to Second Uncle Xu.

Second Uncle Xu opened his mouth but did not take the deeds. He looked at his nephew deeply. “What about you?”

Xu Qi’an smiled with a calm tone, “I have no way out now.”

Only then did Second Uncle Xu take the deeds. “Very well.”

After a pause, he said quietly, “Your affairs have long been beyond my control. Your second uncle only regrets not seeing you take a wife. At least… at least you should leave a descendant for your elder brother’s line, you unfilial brat.”

His emotions became agitated.

*Forgive me for my reckless and unrestrained freeloading life…* Xu Qi’an silently offered his sincerest apology in his heart.

“I will make arrangements for Erlang. Don’t worry.”

After saying this, Xu Qi’an took his leave from his family.

…

【ONE: That is roughly how things went.】

In a private message, Number One told Chu Yuanzhen everything that had happened.

*Yuanjing is the late emperor… the late emperor colluded with the Church of the Warlock God to kill Wei Yuan… the late emperor wanted to frame this battle as a defeat, to further shake the fortune of the realm…*

Chu Yuanzhen’s mind was a jumble. He already knew some of this, but the late emperor colluding with the Church of the Warlock God to kill Wei Yuan, he had only just learned this.

【FOUR: So, what should we do now?】

Huaiqing did not answer him.

She did not know. Even someone as wise as the eldest princess, she felt somewhat lost and confused in the face of this situation.

In her view, only the Jianzheng could be asked about such matters, and only the Jianzheng could handle problems of this magnitude.

【FOUR: It is hard to accept, so hard to accept.】

Even through the Earth Book, Chu Yuanzhen’s righteous indignation could be felt.

【FOUR: What is Xu Qi’an’s view?】

【ONE: He asked me to ask you whether you can return to the capital before dawn tomorrow.】

Chu Yuanzhen was startled, but did not answer immediately. A wild idea sprang to his mind.

At that moment, Xu Qi’an’s transmission appeared in the Earth Book. This time, not as a private message, but publicly:

【There are some things I want to say to you all.】

Except for Daoist Jinlian in seclusion, and Number Seven and Eight who were disconnected, all the Earth Book fragment holders took out their fragments at the same time.

【THREE: Regarding the late emperor Zhende’s scheme and purpose, I can now answer everyone.】

*He, he's discovered Zhende’s real objective? He's only just woken up! ...as expected of you…* Li Miaozhen was both expectant and admiring.

*I haven’t even digested what Number One just told me!* Chu Yuanzhen’s expression was complicated, his gaze fixed on the Earth Book fragment for fear of missing any information.

*The late emperor’s real goal…* Huaiqing took a deep breath, her heart surging.

Master Hengyuan was meditating in a secluded mountain forest on Qingyun Mountain, holding his Earth Book fragment, focused on it.

Even Lina realised the gravity of the situation, quieting her mind and staring at the fragment.

At this, Xu Qi’an told everyone in the Earth Book chat group his and Dean Zhao Shou’s speculation, word for word.

A bolt from the blue.

The Earth Book fragment holders did not respond for a long time.

To make the Great Feng a vassal state of the Church of the Warlock God, thereby circumventing the rule that one with the fortune of the realm could not achieve immortality, and thus become the Church’s agent in the Central Plains, becoming emperor and master in another sense…

*Handing the ancestral land over to others, the late emperor had truly gone too far…*

*Damn Zhende, I want to stab him right now…*

*I don't really understand, but it sounds impressive…*

*Amitabha*…

The members of Heaven and Earth Society were deeply shaken, some were angry, some shocked, some suddenly enlightened, feeling that all the clues finally connected.

【ONE: The late emperor has lost his mind.】

Everyone had desires, but to do anything for desire and go this far, one could only say the late emperor was corrupted by the Daoist Leader of the Earth Sect and became obsessed, demonised by his own obsessions.

【FOUR: What I don’t understand is, how could Great Feng become a vassal state?】

Chu Yuanzhen’s question sparked fierce debate among the group.

【ONE: Disperse the fortune of the realm, plunge the land into chaos, and the Church of the Warlock God would seize the opportunity to march into the Central Plains?】

【TWO: That is not impossible. But after Wei Yuan’s crushing sweep and the Battle of Yuyang Pass, the Church has suffered huge losses. Even if the Great Feng fell into chaos, it would only benefit the Western Buddhist sect, right?】

Hengyuan and Lina offered no opinion, one was not skilled at analysis, the other simply lacked the intelligence.

【THREE: Zhende will make another move. Shaking the realm’s fortune is not the last step. What he does next is the most critical. But I will not give him the chance.】

【What are you going to do?】

Everyone sent this message almost simultaneously.

Xu Qi’an was silent for a long time before slowly writing:

【I am going to kill the emperor!】

Silence fell in the Earth Book fragments.

*I am going to kill the emperor…* As everyone read these words, their hands trembled slightly.

Huaiqing’s mind was in turmoil.

Back when Chu Yuanzhen had left office to practise swordsmanship, wandering the world, he had always shown his dissatisfaction and disdain for Yuanjing in both words and attitude.

But he had never thought of the words “slay the emperor”.

Living in this era, whether you admit it or not, your thinking is influenced by ideas like “ruler and subject, like father and son”, “if the ruler wants the subject to die, the subject must die”.

Regicide was something he had never considered.

Li Miaozhen was the Heaven Sect Holy Maiden, and had not received Confucian education, but living in this era, she also understood the concept and meaning of “ruler”.

In the past, when she talked of stabbing Yuanjing, it was more an emotional outburst.

【THREE: If a man is unrighteous, Heaven will punish him. If the ruler is unrighteous, I will punish him. Will you help me?】

*Xu Ningyan, truly a lawless martial artist…* Everyone was stirred.

【TWO: Alright.】

【FOUR: Alright.】

【FIVE: Alright.】

【SIX: Alright.】

After a long while, Number One finally sent a transmission: 【…Alright.】

【THREE: Daoist Jinlian, what do you think?】

After a pause, with no reply from Daoist Jinlian, Xu Qi’an was reassured and wrote: 【Let me tell you the plan in detail.】

